CRMIllegal blocking of public spectrumCLSFCTN
CRMdrug dealing, murder attempt, operating website facilitating illegal activitesCLSFCTN
A spyware application named Stealth Genie was shut down in September when the US District Judge Leonie M. Brinkeman ended marketing and sales of the app.  The app could be installed on mobile devices without the user’s knowledge and the purchaser of the app then could monitor and intercept calls, monitor emails and texts, and activate the phone all without the user’s awareness.  
App creator, Mr. Hammad Akbar, of Pakistan, was arrested in Los Angeles, CA in September 2014 for violation of a law that prohibits manufacture, sale, or possession of any device which main function is clandestine interception of oral, wire, or electronic communications.  Mr. Akbar pled guilty.  
The case was a result of collaboration between the FBI, US Department of Justice and US Attorney’s office for Eastern District of Virginia.
CRMSpywareCLSFCTN
Pursuant to a Dallas FBI investigation, a US District Court Judge sentenced a Dallas man to 63 months in federal prison and a fine of $890,250 after he pleaded guilty to 3 separate hacking offenses.  Mr. Barrett Brown, 33 years old, is a member of the hacking group Anonymous.

Mr. Brown pleaded guilty in April 2014, in the Northern District of Texas.  The first offense was transmitting a threat to an FBI special agent in interstate commerce.  The next two offenses are for aiding and abetting an individual with unauthorized access to a computer and interfering with the execution of a search warrant on the other party’s involvement.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
DEA’s New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force, which is comprised of many different federal and state agencies, was praised for its efforts in the conviction of a Bitcoin exchanger by the name of Robert M. Faiella. Mr. Faiella plead guilty to transmitting $1 million on Bitcoins to persons in order for them to buy illegal drugs on a web market named Silk Road.

According to court documents, Failelle ran the Bitcoin scheme from December 2011 to October 2012.  Using the name “BTCKing”, Failelle fulfilled orders using a company called BitInstant based in New York.  The purpose of BitInstant is to sell Bitcoins to people without requiring any personal information letting the purchasers remain anonymous.  BitInstant helped Failelle buy the coins and then sell them at a markup.

Not only did Failelle receive the prison sentence of four years but was ordered to surrender the $950,000 used in the operation and three years supervised release while his accomplice received two years in prison.  The prosecution was handled by several different agencies including Assistant United States Attorney Andrew Adams of the Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture Unit Assistant United States Attorney Andrew Adams of the Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture Unit.
CRMDrug TraffickingCLSFCTN
Nathan Leroux was charged and pleaded guilty to attempting to gain access to high technology companies in order to steal over $100 million in intellectual property and proprietary data.  Mr. Leroux and company targeted the Xbox gaming system and well known on line games.  The targeted games were “Gears of War”, “Call of Duty” and “FIFA”.  

Mr. Leroux was apprehended on June 16, 2014 while attempting to escape the country to Canada.  Mr. Leroux’s associates were also apprehended and plead guilty to the same conspiracy charge.  All three remain in custody until the hearings which are scheduled in April 2015.  One of the defendants is from Canada which is significant because it represents the first time a foreign-based person has been convicted of hacking into a US business to teal trade secrets.

 Working together, the defendants gained illegal access to companies such as Zombie Studios, Epic Games Inc., Microsoft Corporation and Valve Corporation.  They stole company financial data as well as other proprietary data such as unreleased software, code, and trade secrets.  They were mainly interested in software containing technical specifications and code for the Xbox One platform and Xbox Live.  The defendants attempted to make counterfeit copies of the Xbox One prior to official release and sell them in the Republic of Seychelles.  In addition, Leroux also generated coins used in the FIFA games and sold them on the black market.

The total cost of the crime is estimated to be between $100 to $200 million.  The case is being investigated not only by US authorities but authorities in Canada and Australia.
CRMHacking/ Theft of Intellectual PropertyCLSFCTN
In and around the last quarter of the calendar year in 2011 the FBI arrested in Atlanta GA Mr. Nwaki for his role in an Internet fraud ring that stole more than $1.3 million.  According to documents files for the case the ring employed \"phishing\" attacks through fraudulent web page mimic\'ing e-commerce companies e.g., banks and payroll processors. The Unwitting consumer, under an expectation of privacy, visited and interacted with these fake sites.  The Internet fraud ring then collected confidential personal and financial information. With these stolen identities the ring set off to turn the stolen data into real money. By creating fake ID\'s, such as drivers licenses, they withdrew from banks. Or, produced fake checks with copied signature for redemption. 
Mr. Jwaki pleaded guilty to wire fraud conspiracy, wire fraud, aggravated identity theft, and conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to computers.  Both the wire fraud conspiracy and wire fraud each carry a 20 years sentence in prison the other counts count for 7 additional years.  Others were arrested in connection to this crime and are either awaiting trial or are considered innocent unless proven guilty. CRMWire fraud conspiracy; Wire fraud; Aggravated identity theft; and Conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to computersCLSFCTN
Operation Wreaking hAVoC both the FBI and Justice Department targeted the sales of stolen credit card number via the Internet. In total 36 web sights were taken off line. Through the agencies efforts and partners around the world it show cases that no one agency disable this global threat to consumers and credit service industries. These web sights, commonly referred to as Automated Vending Cards (AVCs) acted as clearing houses and markets for stolen credit cards.  An AVC is like a online store with a shopping cart and everything. Some AVCs allow the purchaser to be selective.  A buyer can choose country of origin, how many, credit limits, etc..  Seems that criminal market places are just like shopping at Amazon.com. CRMIllegal sale and distribution of stolen credit card numbers CLSFCTN
Mr. Patrick Gunn of Montgomery AL is facing charges of child pornography, Interstate extortion, Facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity, and  Possession of child pornography.  The indictment only contains charges, and the defendant is presumed innocent until the government proves the defendant guilt. If convicted he is facing from 15 to 100 years in federal prison and could be ordered to spend the rest of his life on supervised release.  The date of the beginning of the trial was set to September 10, 2012. 
Allegation suggest that Mr. Gunn used social media to contact 14 to 15 year old girls. It was reported that he used scams to gain false confidence of the children, coerced them in giving simple but guilt ridden information.  Once a foot hold is established the correspondence turned threatening while escalating demands ranging from exposure to video creation. CRMChild pornography, Interstate extortion, Facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity, and  Possession of child pornography CLSFCTN
Mr. Zhazalyk a citizen of Kazakhstan who entered the US on a student via pleaded guilty in Huston Federal court to money laundering. Mr. Zhazalyk and three co-conspirators were charged in the case. The \"hack and dump\" (aka, pump and dump) scam was as follows; The crew illegally access brokerage accounts and used them to purchase borrowed shares of stock at above-market value from the defendants personal brokerage accounts. These shares were then purchased by the co-conspirators actual accounts at a considerably lower market price. The borrowed shares were then returned to the stock lender and a profit was claimed. He created a false market with out a license and hacked into unwitting consumers account.  The penalty faced is 10 years in prison and $250,000 fine.CRMMoney launderingCLSFCTN
CRMDaniyar Zhaxalyk, 25, a citizen from Kazakhstan who is in the US on a student visa admitted to laundering money obtained in a hack and dump stock scheme causing $400,000 in losses to the victims.  Zhaxalyk illegally accessed brokerage accounts and purchased borrowed shares of stock at above-market prices.  He then repurchased the borrowed shares at the lower market price, retureturned the shares to the lender and took the profit between the two prices.CLSFCTN
If convicted, Gunn faces at least 15 years and up to 100 years in federal prison.CRMChristopher Patrick Gunn, 31, of Montgomery, AL was indicted by a federal grand jury of two counts of production of child pornography, three counts of interstate extortion, and three counts of using a facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity.  Gunn is also facing two counts of possessing child pornography in previous indictments.   Gunn repeatedly used computer and computer services to extort young girls into providing him photos of themselves in various stages of undress.CLSFCTN
The person convicted for the crime, Jacob Allen Wilkens, was determined to be part of the hacker group Anonymous.  Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system, the group carried out a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the Angel Soft bathroom tissues site.  Angel Soft’s parent company Koch Industries was determined to be the target of the attack and incurred revenue losses of several hundred thousand dollars during the three-day attack. CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN
Ross Ulbricht, a 29-year old resident of San Francisco, was charged with the ownership and operation of “Silk Road”.  This hidden website operated on the Tor network (to conceal access) and provided users with access to a wide range of illegal substances, services, and items (more than 13,000).  The site was used in more than 10 different countries and utilized Bitcoin for payment (also providing a method of concealing user access/use).  With tens of millions of dollars in commissions from the illegal site, Ulbricht is being charged with four crimes including engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit computer hacking.CRMDrug/Narcotic Offenses, Illegal Business, Hacking, Business/Employment FraudCLSFCTN
Petr Murmylyuk, a Russian national living in Brooklyn, New York was sentenced to 30 months in prison and ordered to $505,357.79 in restitution after participating in a conspiracy to steal approximately $1M from brokerage firms.  Murmylyuk and his conspirators gained access to user accounts at the firms and then used stolen identity information to create new, “fake” accounts at different firms.  The conspirators then made “unprofitable and illogical” trades between the accounts, resulting in a loss for the legitimate users and a gain for the fake accounts.  These gains were then transferred to banks where they could then be accessed.  Affected brokerage firms included Scottrade, E*Trade, Fidelity, and Schwab.CRMFinancial Institution Fraud, Account Hacking, Identity TheftCLSFCTN
The charged conspirators were reported to have copied and distributed copyrighted Android applications (“apps”) through alternative Android markets online.  This is being charged as a violation to the app owner’s copyright as it denies them the “fruits of their labor” in terms of payment for their work.  According to the article, more than two million distributions were made of the copyrighted apps through the Appbucket and SnappzMarket alternative online markets.CRMSoftware Piracy, Online Copyright InfringementCLSFCTN
36 domain names of websites engaged in illegal sale and distribution of stolen credit cards were seized in Operation Wreaking hAVoC, a joint operation of the FBI, Department of Justice, and international law enforcement.  These 36 websites allowed users to purchase stolen credit card information and even allowed the customer to select the type of card, country of the card owner, and in some instances the state of the card owner.  These websites made it possible for sellers to traffic in stolen card numbers without directly communicating with the buyer.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMWaya Nwaki plead guilty to one count of wire fraud conspiracy, wire fraud, aggravated identity theft, and conspiracy to gain unautorized access to computers in Neward Federal Court.  Nwaki was part of a ring that used \\\"phishing\\\" techniques including the use of fake web pages to collect confidential user information.  This information was then used to make unauthorized withdrawals from victims accounts.  Some of this information was also used to create fake driver\\\'s licenses which ring members used to impersonate victims at bank branches.  CLSFCTN
Protect your computer by keeping software up to date.  If victimized, contact US CERT abd FBI ICCC.CRMRansomeware is getting more sophisticated.  Ransom is being demanded using Bitcoin which is harder to track than formerly used pre-paid cards.  Ransomeware seizes up your computer (denial of service attack) and/or threatens to destroy your data unless you pay the ransome.  Harder to avoid now since you may go to an infected website without knowing the danger.  Previously the malware came when you clicked executable files, which are easy to avoid if unknown.  CLSFCTN
Do not give out any personal information over the telephone to strangers.  Do not put any personal information on social websites.CRMA bank robbery criminal ring used emails with Trojan horse virus named Zeus to infect computers in companies which enabled the ring to obtain user passwords, account numbers, and other data.  This data was used to transfer money from victims accounts, through a money laundering scheme, and then to the robbers.  Large companies that may have sophisticated cyber security software were avoided in favor of smaller companies.CLSFCTN
Young people should be careful what they post on social websites since anyone, including criminals, can see it.  Post only what you would have anyone see.CRMSocial media websites are used by sex traffickers to lure unsuspecting girls into situations where they are essentially kidnapped, then forced into prostitution.  Young people should be careful what they post on social websites since anyone, including criminals, can see it.  Post only what you would have anyone see.CLSFCTN
Change passwords often and keep computer antivirus software up to date.CRMCriminals obtain victim’s personal information through various means prior to this attack. Then they tie up your telephone line with denial-of-service attack.  Then they make transactions with your bank or other financial institution posing as you.  Bank cannot call to verify since your line is busy.  CLSFCTN
There are many safety tips listed in the last section of the report.CRMThis report is a short summary of the major crimes committed in 2005 in the digital realm.  The report goes into great depth as to what type of crimes were committed, by whom, to whom, from where, and to where.  2005 proved to be the most costly year at the time for losses to cyber crime.  The total amount lost topped $183m, well over 2X the amount lost in 2004.  Although, admittedly that number is slightly skewed due to a few losses that were in the millions.  The total number of complaints was 231,493 in 2005, a jump of over 11% from 2004.  The most popular form of cyber crime in 2005 was online auction fraud.  This accounted for 62.7% of all complaints.  However, the amount lost per person was much less than the $5k lost on average per person to Nigerian letter fraud.  The majority of perpetrators and victims were male and from the US.   CLSFCTN
The best practices section at the end includes the process of how to deal with and prevent cyber crimes.CRMThe 2006 IC3 report continues developing the story statistics provide about the cyber crimes in the US and the world.  In comparison to 2005, the number of complaints dropped slightly to 207,492, a drop of 10.4%.  However, the total dollar amount lost topped $190m.  This brought the total lost per complain up to $728. Internet auction fraud was still the most prevalent, topping 44% of all crimes, but was down from the previous total of over 60%.  Unfortunately, these percentage points fell into categories such as child pornography and identity theft.  Nigerian letter fraud continued to be the most profitable for the perpetrators, garnering $5,100 per case.  The majority of perpetrators and victims were males in the most populous states in the US.  Email and fake webpages were the most common vector for initial contact and attack.  Phishing also became more prevalent.CLSFCTN
The best practices section at the end includes the process of how to deal with and prevent cyber crimes.CRMThe 2007 version of this report is the 7th annual release of this information.  The period covered had a slight decrease from the previous year down to only 206,884 complaints total.  However, again, the total amount of money lost increased.  The total in 2007 was $239.09m.  The total number of referred cases was up slightly to just over 90k, of which 72,226 reported lost monetary funds.  Auction fraud continued to dominate, but slid its lead down to 35.7%, half of what it was in 2005.  Non-delivery was at 24.9%. Investment fraud resulted in the highest losses per person at $3,547. Nigerian letter fraud dropped down to below $2000 per incident on average.  75% of perpetrators were male, but the percentage of female victims increased to nearly 50%, 42.4% to be exact.  The US continued to be the country with the most perpetrators and victims. Some of the largest frauds of 2007 included pet fraud, secret shoppers, charity fraud, and romance fraud.CLSFCTN
The CEO of BitCoin participated in an illegal business essentially selling bitcoins without any records to customers through another (front) company (Bitinstant) to use as payment on the silk road website in order to buy illegal drugs.  CRMKnowingly transmitting nearly $1 million in Bitcoins intended to facilitate drug trafficking on “Silk Road,” a black-market website designed to enable users to buy and sell illegal drugs anonymously and beyond the reach of law enforcement. CLSFCTN
Individuals using the internet to commit counterfeit crimes in multiple countries.  The individual used the internet to recruit people and pass counterfeit money to people for distribution.
CRMGustafson was charged by Ugandan authorities on Dec. 16 with conspiracy, possession of counterfeit, selling/dealing in counterfeit, and unlawful possession of ammunition.  Individual was charged in the US with conspiracy and counterfeiting acts committed outside of the U.S. When he lived in the United States, he mainly resided in Texas and Colorado.CLSFCTN
The individual used the internet (EBay and other websites) to steal money from people that thought they were buying vehicles.  The individual created fake ads for vehicles and instructed buyers to send money to foreign bank accounts to make payment for the vehicle.  No vehicles were ever delivered.   In addition he used a fake/forged Belgium passport to establish the foreign bank accounts.  He was sentenced to 63 years in prison.CRMIndividual was indicted and convicted for conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud in connection with his participation in the online marketplace scheme and for the use and attempted use of a false, forged, and counterfeit Belgian passport. CLSFCTN
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN
In this FBI news item, Shawn Henry, who is the executive assistant director of the Criminal, Cyber, Response, and Services Branch), discusses cyber safety on his new video blog.  One of the disturbing topics he discusses is the threat of pedophiles (750,000 predators online at a given time) using the internet by to lure children (usually youngsters with low self-esteem, problems with their parents, or a shortage of money) to meet them for sex or get them to pose for sex tapes.  The common tactic they use is to pose as teenagers on social media sites.  They start by gaining the child’s trust by talking about seemingly innocent topics like sports or music (called grooming) and move on to encourage more risky behavior.  Some even use malware to turn on the victim’s web camera and microphone and record them in intimate situations and steal personal data to use this data to blackmail the victim into making sexual videos.  Some take it further and get the victim to meet in person so they can be abducted (more than 940 children under the age of 15 have been reported missing since 2004), raped, and/or murdered.  To help educate children (to date more than 120,000 students have completed the training) the FBI has developed a safe online surfing program to teach them about the internet and give them the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  They also help local law enforcement to identify and catch and prosecute predators (in 2010 more than 1000 predators arrested and last year more than 1100 convicted).  His message, it’s not just up to law enforcement parents need to take an active role by talking to their children about this topic, paying attention to what sites they are visiting, keeping computers in common areas, be aware that other devices (e.g. smartphone, PDA, gaming systems) should be monitored as well because the can be access the internet, and report improper online conduct to the local FBI office or the cyber tip line (www.cybertipline.com). CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item Special Agent Greg Wing, supervisor of a cyber squad in the Chicago field Office discuss the online child predator threat and how it continues to grow.  Whatever sites lure children will lure predators as well and it is believed that more than half a million pedophiles are online every day.  The FBI’s Innocent Images national Initiative has agents assigned that pursue predators and educate parents and teens about the dark side of the internet.  Predators often pretend to be teens or just troll social media sites looking for personal information on a child that can make them vulnerable to an attack.  Once they establish a connection and gain the child’s trust (can take days or weeks) they try to meet them or just try to collect pornographic images.  In the Chicago Office it was noted that about 70% of children will accept “friend” requests from complete strangers giving the predator an easy in to establishing a connection.  Special Agent Wesley says its not enough to just keep computers in common areas but “parents need to talk to their children about these issues.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN
CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN
CRMdata breach CLSFCTN
CRMrise in cybercrime, started as petty crimes rising in threat CLSFCTN
James Howard Wheeler was arrested and charged with interstate stalking on Wednesday, February 27, 2013 by FBI agents and San Diego county Sheriff’s deputies. The investigation was conducted by the FBI’s Atlanta Field Office with assistance from San Diego field office.

After being warned to discontinue the threats by the FBI and sheriff’s office in 2012, Wheeler continued his threats of physical violence against his wife who was seeking a divorce.  Wheeler was charged with sending threatening telephone calls and posting threats of physical violence via Facebook to his estranged wife whom had moved to Georgia from San Diego.  
CRMStalkingCLSFCTN
A federal jury in Dallas found Mr. Michael Musacchio, 61, of Plano, Texas, guilty for attempting to make unauthorized access to a protected computer as well as two additional counts of felony hacking on March 1, 2013.

Musacchio was the president of a third party logistics firm called Excel which facilitates business between shippers and common manufacturers.  In 2004, Musacchio started his own business and took two former employees with him.  The three hacked into Excel’s computer system to access emails and other proprietary information to use for the benefit of the new company.  The three men have all pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing in Texas as of June 2013.

The Dallas FBI Field Office investigated and the Assistant US Attorneys were the prosecutors.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
The leader of a “security research” hacking group was convicted of hacking into an AT&T server stealing emails, and personal information of 120,000 iPad 3G users. After the 27 YO man acquired the information, he disclosed the information to an internet magazine.

Andrew Auernheimer, 27, was tried by US District Judge who convicted him of hacking AT&T servers without authorization and informing “Gawker” magazine he did so successfully. After he realized he was in trouble, he changed his story to say he was attempting to make the internet more secure and he simply “Walked through an open door.” But according to the FBI, Auernheimer attempted to hide all of the evidence.  

Auernheimer used a hacking program called “Account Slurper” which was designed to harvest as many email addresses and associated ICCID (account identifier) as possible. The program also used “brute force” inundating the server with guesses of the ICC-ID ranges.  The hacker’s obtainer 120,000 accounts and immediately provided to “Gawker” which then published the information.  Several famous people’s information was exposed such as Diane Sawyer, Harvey Weinstein, the New York Mayor Bloomberg to name a few.

The hackers were members of “Goatse Security” and used a chat program, called Relay Chat, to communicate which demonstrated they were guilty. Auerheimer was sentenced to 41 month in prison as well as three years supervised release and a $73,162 fine.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Patrick Riccardi, 46, of Hoboken, was a management information specialist for the city of Hoboken who pleaded guilty of intercepting email meant for the mayor and top officials.  Riccardi pleaded guilty to unauthorized access of a computer, interception of wire traffic and disclosure of said information.  

Piccardi was the chief information technology officer for the mayor and top assistants.  He set up an archive folder designed to capture the incoming and outgoing mail of the mayor and two top lieutenants. He then read the emails and forwarded the emails to other employees.  Piccardi stated he read the emails to spy on the mayor and her assistants.  Piccardi is charges with three counts which carry affine of five years each and a $250,000 fine.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
The 10th Annual CSI/FBI Computer Crime and Security Survey, taken in 2005, shows the following:

1)  Total financial losses from attacks are down substantially
2)  Attacks on computer systems have been slowly but steadily decreasing
3)  Website defacements have increased greatly
4)  Inside jobs occur as often as external attacks
5)  Organizations primarily defend their systems through traditional means; firewalls, anti-virus software, intrusion detections systems, and server-based access control lists
6)  More organizations are conducting security audits
7)  Computer security investments per employee vary widely
8)  No increased use of outsourcing cybersecurity or insurance to manage risksCRMCLSFCTN
Colleen Moss joined the FBI in 1997.  She has been involved in many searches and arrests of people producing and transmitting child pornography.  She has posed as a child on the Internet and investigated child porn websites and chat rooms.  She has traveled in the US and Canada, primarily to train local, state, and federal investigators on how to do online investigations.

Her work is varied as she may be conducting an undercover meeting one day, then reviewing evidence another, and interviewing suspects or victims.  She finds the work very rewarding and very buys.  She is always working on new cases and the bad guys are always finding new ways in committing crimes.  Her advice to those looking to join the FBI is to be flexible and have a sense of humor.CRMCLSFCTN
One in five businesses report computer intrusions in the 2005 cyber survey given by the Computer Security Institute and the FBI.  FBI Director Robert Mueller encouraged businesses to report attacks so that they can find a way to stop them.  Director Mueller also thanked the 11,225 members of the InfraGard network for giving the FBI expertise in certain areas that they lacked.CRMCLSFCTN
Top cyber executive Louis M. Reigel warned of fraudulent Hurricane Katrina related websites.  He stated that there were more than 4,000 Katrina-related website registered and while many may be legitimate, fraudulent ones were appearing faster than they can keep track of.  

Many of the fraudulent sites spoof charitable ones and attempt to steal people\'s credit card numbers, banking information, social security numbers and other personal information.  They are working closely with the American Red Cross which is the primary target of the frauds.  Many sites are located overseas in Eastern Europe, Asia, and elsewhere and the foreign counterparts are being worked with through the legal attache\'s offices in the US Embassies.

Mr. Reigel suggests that people be cautious when giving.  He recommends that you do not respond to unsolicited emails and go directly to the charitable organizations website to donate.  You should verify that your donation is going to a legitimate U.S. based non-profit organization.CRMCLSFCTN
A Mr. Harris of Redmond Oregon designed, built and sold a hardware device to install inline with a cable modem allowing customers to “sniff” the coax line, if open, for legally paid and valid media access control (MAC) numbers.  This enabled non-paying customers to gain access to content on the Coax Cable networks.  It is alleged that Mr. Harris built a million dollar business on defrauding paid subscribers and the content producers of their fees.CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN
Megauploads was a modern day bulletin board for sharing content. Similar to PiratesBay which was also shut down. It is a case of intellectual property rights and a guess as to how much the owner and publisher of the original material would have made IF the consumers of the content actually went out and purchased it. It is unclear what the business model of the sight was.  It is alleged that uploader were paid for uploaded content but how and where that source of income is not clear. There are claims that the owners and operators of the sight ran a money laundering business.  Again it isn\'t clear where the currency was generated from. From what was presented it is a thin case while this sort of crime is real prosecuting it is still evolving in my opinion.CRMEngaging in a racketeering conspiracy, conspiring to commit copyright infringement, conspiring to commit money laundering, and two substantive counts of criminal copyright infringementCLSFCTN
This is an interesting case.  It is alleged that Mr. Zdorovenin, 54, and his son, unknown age and still at large at the time of this article, conducted an elaborate cyber crime upon unsuspecting victims. The two purchased stolen credit cards which were then used to make phony purchases from web-sight run by the two. It is alleged that they installed spyware on unsuspecting victims computer systems in order to retrieve financial and other data.  The pair manipulated stock trading by impersonating victims stolen information to buy and sell stocks.  The crimes officially took place from 2004 – 2005 and in 2012 Mr. Zdorovenin was arrested in Zurich, Switzerland and was being transported to the U.S.CRMConspiracy, Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, Computer Fraud, Aggravated Identity Theft, and Securities FraudCLSFCTN
Mr. McNeal pleaded guilty of unlawful access to computer systems and was sentenced on the 28 September 2011.  Mr. McNeal allegedly access former employers medical records, made copies, deleted the data from the database or system and used it for a marketing campaign at his new employer.  There was no evidence that Mr. McNeal downloaded or misused patient medical data only there names, addresses, and telephone numbers.CRMComputer Fraud, Identity TheftCLSFCTN
Appendix 1 provides definitions of the various crimes categories.  Appendix 2 provides best practices on how to avoid cyber crimes.CRMFrom 1 January 2008 to 31 December 2008, the IC3 received 275,284 complaints.  This was a 33.1% increase over 2007.  72,940 complaints were forwarded to the appropriate local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies for further investigation.  Most of the cases resulted in monetary losses for the complainant.  The total monies loss was over $264m with the median dollar loss at $931 per complaint.  Internet auction fraud lost its place as the most prevalent crime this year as non-delivered merchandise and or payment was most reported at 32.9% of all complaints.  Check fraud was the highest average loss per complaint at $3k per incident while Nigerian letter fraud continued to fall, winding up at $1,650 per incident.  The majority of perpetrators were males from the US, but the UK, China, Canada, Nigeria, and South Africa increased their market share in 2008.  The 2008 total number of complaints and monetary loss was the largest since IC3 started tracking the statistics in 2000.  Perpetrators from the US were from the more populated areas of the country.  Email was the most prevalent contact method at 74%.CLSFCTN
Hacking in this case is equivalent to breaking and entering to do mischief or commit larceny.CRMHacking – Unauthorized access to AT&T servers to steal customers’ emails.CLSFCTN
Be wary of emails directing you where to send money.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud – Other.  Criminal advertised automobiles on websites such as eBay which did not exist.  Customers sent money thinking they were buying the cars.  The money was transferred to other accounts.CLSFCTN
Article gives details of types of stolen materials, value, and criminals’ intended purposes and plans.CRMStolen Property – A variety of source code, product plans, marketing information, trade secrets, technical specifictions, etc. stolen to be used by the criminals for their own purposes or sold. CLSFCTN
(Identity Theft, 10130002) The FBI arrested two Californian men, Hunter Moore and Charles Evens, for allegedly hacking into private email accounts and posting the information online.  Moore ran the site isanyoneup.com, a “revenge porn” site where personal information, mostly images, is posted in order to exact revenge on individuals.  In order to gain more content for the site, Moore allegedly hired Evens to hack into hundreds of email accounts and steal information.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
After evading the authorities for almost four years, Tobechi Onwuhara was arrested in Australia and returned to the United States where he was sentenced to federal prison.  Onwuhara used a mix of fee-based websites and social engineering to obtain the necessary information to access victims’ credit report information.  The reports were then used to determine banks to contact.  Money was transferred from home equity credit lines to credit/savings accounts and then finally an external account controlled by Onwuhara.  Through this process, Onwuhara was reported to steal more than $13M.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
A previous systems administrator for what is called Company A in the report (a cloud services provider) continued to access the network and systems after resigning.  The Arizona resident, Jonathan Hartwell Wolberg, logged in repeatedly to the Company A network in order to cause damage to the systems and affecting Company A’s property, business, and reputation.  Wolberg is reported to have logged in to the network for almost five months, issuing shut-down commands and causing hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage (including affecting key medical data for hospitals).CRMHackingCLSFCTN
After spending two years communicating with someone who he thought was a woman, Michigan resident Brian Curtis Hile discovered that the person he was talking to was actually a man from South Africa using a woman’s photos from a leaked PhotoBucket account to conduct a catfish scheme.  Enraged since he traded explicit images and private information with the man, Hile began investigating whom the images belonged to.  Using public information on the Internet, chat rooms, and eventually hacking into the woman’s account, Hile traveled to the woman’s residence to kill both her and her boyfriend.  Arrested just miles from the woman’s residence with detailed information and supplies to carry out the murders, Hile was subsequently charged with interstates stalking and sentenced to 60 months custody.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
The article did not say how the investigation was completed.  It did mention that the Bristol Community College was helpful if the investigation involving the suspect\'s hacking into the school\'s academic computers.
CRMSuspect pleaded guilty to hacking into computer networks around the country, to include law enforcement and academic computer systems.  The suspect also pleaded guilty to obtaining stolen credit and debit card numbers.  Two counts of computer intrusion and one count of access device fraud.
CLSFCTN
Fake websites are easy to create - with more and more commerce/purchases being done online you must be aware of the url and the security, https around these type of websites.
CRMConvicted of wire fraud conspiracy
CLSFCTN
This highlights a an out of the ordinary use of a phishing scheme.  It is not just criminals looking for your bank or credit card information.  You must be vigilant in all of your interactions on system connected to the internet.CRMComputer hacking and identity theft that defrauded vendors of over $1 M through the use of a phishing scheme targeting government employees.  The wire fraud conspiracy carries a sentence or 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.CLSFCTN
CRMFraudCLSFCTN
CRMOnline enticement of minors

CLSFCTN
Ara Keshishyan discovered a Citibank security gap that would allow the conspirators to withdraw (all within 60 seconds) several times the amount of money deposited into the account by using cash advance kiosks. The conspirators would travel to various casinos and exploit this security gap. Ara would then pay the conspirators their share and keep the remaining balance. When the conspirators would spend the stolen money at casinos, they would keep transactions under $10,000 to avoid reporting requirements.

The charges against the defendants include bank fraud and knowingly structuring financial transactions to avoid reporting requirements.CRM?Financial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
Khaddy Garcia would pose as various account owners and claim to have forgotten the username and password. He would additionally phish for as much information as possible. When he had enough information he would withdraw funds from the accessed account. He attempted to withdraw $1.5 million and was able to successfully withdraw over $200,000.

Additionally, Garcia attempted to defraud a venture capital firm of $2 million. After the firm completed the wire transfer of the funds, Garcia attempted to represent himself as one of the valid recipients of the wire transfer and convince the firm that they had transferred the funds into an incorrect account. He then attempted to have them re-transfer the money into an account controlled by Garcia. This falsification was discovered before any money was attempted for re-transfer.CRMMiscellnaneous FraudCLSFCTN
A couple was charged with damaging a computer and password trafficking. After being fired, they hacked into their former company’s servers and installed software that could capture other users’ passwords. A VPN was used in order to try and shield their identity. They then sent a message to the company saying they had compromised their network and that they had control of their data.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Joe Rezendes was sentenced to damaging a protected computer and for possession of unauthorized credit card information. He launched a DoS attack on the Larimer County government computers. Employees were unable to access email, network traffic, and records. It turns out that he started the attack because he was angry about a parking ticket he had received.CRMDoS AttackCLSFCTN
A citizen of Romania was sentenced to 78 months of jail for a phishing scheme. Dragos Nicolae Draghici sent emails claiming to be from a bank saying that the account profile had been locked and that they would need to enter their information to unlock the profile. It appeared that the email came from a bank so people were tricked into sending the information. He was a member of a larger organization conducting multiple phishing schemes. Customers of CitiBank, Capital One, Bank of America, JP Morgan, and other large financial institutions were targeted.CRMPhishingCLSFCTN
Joseph Camp pleaded guilty to unlawful computer hacking at UCM where he was a student. He gained unlawful access to the UCM computer network, and downloaded databases of faculty, staff, alumni, and student personal data. He even transferred money and changed grades. He developed a computer virus that infected computers on campus. They were able to get access to areas of the network by using the credentials of other students at the university.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Five individuals were charged of participating in a conspiracy to commit mail fraud.  One individual had the additional charge of lying to federal agents.  The crime ring was fueled by greed and profit, says the IRS-CI Special Agent I Charge Jose M. Martinez.  The IRS worked hand-in-hand with the FBI Sacramento Division. If convicted, the defendants may serve 20 years for conspiracy to commit mail fraud and another 5 years for lying to federal agents.
The accused, Mr. Schroeder, would go from store to store on a daily basis to steal goods. He would then list the goods as new on an eBay account.  Since 2009, he has listed over 17,000 items.  The money was from the sales was deposited into a PayPal account and laundered through ATM machines, cash back purchases and purchasing over $600,000 in money orders.  His partners would help package the goods for distribution.  The total amount sold to date is more than $3 Million. 
CRMMail Fraud, LyingCLSFCTN
Mr. Peter Stasica pleads guilty to wire fraud after being caught stealing prosthetics from the University of Minnesota Medical Center-Fairview.  Mr. Stasica, 52, would then sell the items online. Stasica admitted from February to August 2011, Mr. Stasica was the prosthetics manager who was in charge of ordering supplies, working with vendors, and advising clients is a new prosthetic was needed.
Mr. Stasica would convince patients to relinquish prosthetics they were no longer using.  In addition, he took almost 60 prosthetic items and sold to approximately 40 buyers using eBay.  The profit gained was approximately $17,296 with the actual items cost being $122,928.  Mr. Stasica may face 20 years in prison.
CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN
Mr. Brian Dunning, was found guilty of defrauding eBay through “cookie stuffing”.  Dunning’s company, Kessler’s Flying Circus (KFC).KFC was co-owned with his brother and collected approximately $5.2 Million in commissions.  The company entered into eBay’s Affiliate program which would pay the company for sending people to the EBay site.  Instead, KFC offered two forms to customers on his web site for download that had embedded code that would appear as if the customers hit eBay even when they did not generating pay for KFC. 
The scheme would provide a physical description to a Profile Maps and MySpace profile.  The people would put these banners on their websites unaware that the code would cause the user’s browser to receive a cookie with KFC’s ID number causing the browser to be re-directed to eBay’s tracking server.
Dunning was charged with 5 counts of wire fraud. The maximum penalty is 20 years imprisonment and $250,000 in fines OR twice the gross gain or gross loss from the offense, whichever is larger,  
CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN
Cody Andrew Kretsinger was sentenced for one year and one day to prison, one year home arrest, 1,000 hours community service and $605,663 in restitution for hacking onto Sony Pictures.

Kretsinger, affiliated with the hacker group “LulzSec” plead guilty of conspiracy and unauthorized impairment of a protected computer.  He and others gained access to Sony through a website using a SQL injection attack gaining information on Sony customers and distributing the information on the internet.  “LulzSec” is affiliated with the international hacker’s ring “Anonymous” which steals personal identification and disseminates via Internet.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Chiropractor Richie Cabigting (35), along with Haidar Kazim (28), Kassem Kazim (31), and Todd Jackson (26) were charged with mail fraud and conspiracy to commit mail fraud said the Jacksonville grand jury.  The chiropractor would pay the Kazim’s to teach and pay drivers how to cause accidents which then resulted in treatment at Mr. Cabigtng’s clinic.  Mr. Jackson was one driver.  The clinic than fraudulently billed the insurance companies for patients that did not need treatment.
Each defendant faces 10 years in federal prison on each count and the United States is keeping the funds seized from a Compass bank account.
CRMMail FraudCLSFCTN
The FBI announced Mr. Adam Paul Savader was charged with cyber stalking and internet extortion after Ann Arbor police notified the FBI of a complaint.  The 15 victims had been getting threatening messages over Google’s Voice numbers.  The messages said the victims must send nude pictures to avoid the nude pictures already in hand from being distributed to friends and family.
One of the victims went to the Ann Arbor PD to report illegal access of her e-mail account and the perpetrator had taken nude pictures from her email account. The Ann Arbor PD then followed on with the FBI and the team identified victims in four states.  Savader faces 5 years in prison if convicted.
CRMInternet Extortion and Cyber StalkingCLSFCTN
David Nosal was indicted on six counts of conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to a computer system.  Nosal has previously worked for Korn/Ferry International which is an executive search firm.  Nosal and other Korn/Ferry employees downloaded large numbers of lists containing information on potential hires for Korn/Ferry clients. These downloads occurred in April and July 2005.  
In 2008, Nosal was charged with conspiracy, three counts of unauthorized aces to a computer used for foreign commerce or communication, one count of unauthorized downloading and copying of trade secrets, one count of unauthorized receipt and possession of stolen trade secrets.  Sentencing could results in 5 years in prison and $250,000 restitution.  For trade secret charges, 10 years in prison and $250,000 fine.
CRMConspiracy, unauthorized access to a computer used in interstate or foreign commerce or communication, one count of unauthorized downloading/copying of trade secrets, and one count of unauthorized receipt and possession of stolen trade secretsCLSFCTN
A Pittsburg resident, Mr. Matthew James West, was found guilty of two of five charges of recklessly damaging a computer and password trafficking according to US Attorney David J. Hickton.   In 2011, Mr. West purposely initiated the transmission of code which damaged an unauthorized protected computer.  He faces two years in prison and $200,000 fine.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation conducted the investigation.CRMRecklessly damaging a computer and password traffickingCLSFCTN
Andrew West was convicted of “accessing a protected computer without authorization.” West had diverted PayPal funds destined to his victim\'s account into an account he created. As part of the plea agreement, West will pay $5,085.07 in restitution.CRM*Auction Fraud - Stolen PaymentCLSFCTN
Ibrahimshah Shahulhameed was terminated from his position with Toyota as a computer services contractor. Within a month, it was alleged that Shahulhameed has logged in to the computer system and caused damage to the computer system.CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN
Nune Gevorkyan and Oganes Koshkaryan were arrested on charges of accessing sealed court documents for confidential information. Koshkaryan would meet with an undercover individual and then pass the names on to Gevorkyan, who was a clerk in the Criminal intake area of the district court\'s clerk\'s office where she would access the sealed court documents. The duo repeatedly sold confidential information to an undercover individual.CRM*Stolen Property OffensesCLSFCTN
Andrew and Allen Chiu discovered a computer programming error that allowed them to place orders that were the blocked by Nordstrom. However, FatWallet would be compensated as if the orders had been placed and fulfilled. Then FatWallet would compensate the brothers. They placed more than $23 million in fraudulent orders which resulted in more than $650,000 in compensation for the brothers. The prosecutor conveyed the careful, calculating methods the brothers had to employ for completing this crime resulting in a two-year prison term.CRM*Non-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN
U.S. citizen living in Uganda was the leader of ring counterfeiting U.S. currency and other countries’ currency.  Printing was done in Uganda and currency shipped to the U.S. concealed in packages.CRMCounterfeitingCLSFCTN
Consumers sent money to bogus websites to pay for automobiles advertised on the Internet that looked like real money transfer websites.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN
Bank accounts and personally identifiable information (PII) was stolen from computers after hacking into them.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
Stalker was intending to kill two people but was apprehended.CRMOther Threatening BehaviorCLSFCTN
Crimes are allegedly knowingly transmitting computer code with the intent to damage computers in interstate commerce and gaining unauthorized network access. CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN
In this news item, Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI, warns about the dangers of pedophiles who use the Internet to lure children to meet them for sex. He calls on parents to communicate with their kids about their online activities, and provides an avenue to ensure children have the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  Reporting can be done to your local FBI office or the Cyber Tip Line at www.cybertipline.com.  For more information on tools etc…, visit the FBI website at www.fbi.gov.CRMCLSFCTN
This news item is supposed to provide the viewer with a Bio for Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI but the link to the Bio is broken.  It does state that he has more than 20 experience as a FBI special agent in a wide range of operational and leadership positions, including heading the Washington Field Office (WFO), leading agents investigating computer crimes and public corruption, and collecting intelligence in the Baltimore and Philadelphia field offices. He was also on the SWAT Team at WFO.

BIO at http://www.fbi.gov/news/blogs/henry/resolveuid/33dda43c3e4f4c7360a18598d794a289 is broken

CRMCLSFCTN
This news item is a duplicate of the news item 05.16.11 titled ‘Shawn Henry’ which is a video presentation by Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI.  He warns about the dangers of pedophiles who use the Internet to lure children to meet them for sex. He calls on parents to communicate with their kids about their online activities, and provides an avenue to ensure children have the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  Reporting can be done to your local FBI office or the Cyber Tip Line at www.cybertipline.com.  For more information on tools etc…, visit the FBI website at www.fbi.gov.CRMCLSFCTN
The 10th Annual InfraGard conference attracted hundreds of private and public professionals including the President of Shell Oil, the Secretary of Agriculture, a top Department of Homeland Security official and the FBI’s cyber chief.  The purpose of the conference was to prevent and respond to potentially disabling attacks on the nation’s physical and electronic infrastructure.  Issues discussed including rail and transit systems, first response plans, cyber threats, gang violence, pandemic flu, financial crime trends, water and border security, food and agriculture safety, health care fraud, computer forensics, and post-disaster business continuity.  InfraGard has more than 16,00 members in 84 chapters nationwide.  They initiated 95 cases in 2005 and supported approximately the same number of cases.CRMCLSFCTN
National Cyber Security month is October and is a good time to protect yourself against dangers in cyberspace.  Risks on the Internet include malicious code, pedophiles, and con artists.  To combat these it is recommended that you have a firewall in place, sign up with various systems to receive alerts, bulletins, tips, and email scams.  It is also recommended that you review advice regarding protecting your children from predators. 

 The FBI also offers educational and seminars across the US regarding safe cyber behavior including:
•	Safe Online Surfing campaign in N. Carolina with NASCAR driver J.J. Yeley
•	Development of the INOBTR website which is part of a multiagency campaign to raise awareness on child Internet safety.
•	Agents from multiple cities providing Internet Safety tips in various public forums.
CRMCLSFCTN
Over the past 10 years the FBI has helped take more than 6,000 child predators off the street.  However, every day more and more children are going online and unknowingly putting themselves at risk.  FBI Director Robert Mueller addressed the Project Safe Childhood conference in Washington, DC regarding these increasing dangers.  The conference was attended by prosecutors, forensic examiners, police officers, and FBI agents.

Muller stated that with increased attention to the problem, child pornographers are going further underground utilizing file-sharing networks and encrypted websites.  They are working to conceal their financial mechanisms and traveling abroad to exploit minors.  The FBI has dedicated increasing amounts of support to combat child predation.
CRMCLSFCTN
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) was founded in 2000 as a partnership between the FBI and National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C).  The purpose of the IC3 is to be the central repository and analytical resource for Internet crime complaints.  

When complaints are submitted through the IC3 site they are reviewed by FBI and NW3C analysts and in attempt to identify leads and patterns of the hundreds of complaints received daily.  The complaint is then referred to FBI field offices or other federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies.  In 2005, the IC3 referred 97,076 complaints, out of the 231,493 received, for further investigation.  Three-quarters of these complaints were related to auction fraud and non-delivery of goods.

Victims of identity theft or loss of personal data, the IC3 recommends:
•	Place a fraud alert on your file through the three major credit bureaus
•	Notify your creditors
•	File a report through your local police department
CRMCLSFCTN
Ransomware known as CryptoLocker, to decrypt the files one must obtain the private AES key.  Ransomware holds RSA key (an algorithm for public key cryptography) corresponding to the RSA public key generated for the victim’s system by the command and control server. 
CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN
Unrecognizable charges on card statement are signs personally identifiable information has been stolen. 

Tips
- don\'t click on a link embedded in an e-mail from their bank, but rather open a new webpage and manually enter the URL 
- scrutinize the search results listed before going to a website. 
- Don\'t respond to spam e-mail.
- Do\'t click on links within unsolicited e-mail.
CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
Tech support scammers report the users\' computers infected with virus.  The victims allow the caller remote access to their computer. The caller points out infected files, while installing trojan, requesting fee for service.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
DOJ /FBI and NCDF warn of potential for disaster fraud in the aftermath of a natural disaster. 

Tips:
Avoid cash donations if possible. 
don\'t use money transfer services.
contact the NCDF if fraud is suspectedCRMCharity FraudCLSFCTN
Skylar Ian Feuerstein began communicating online with a young woman living in London, England via e-mail, and social networking sites, and webcams. This mutual relationship between the defendant and accused last approximately one year from Oct 2010 -2011. At that point London based person tried to end communications.  Feuerstein then began a campaign of threatening e-mails against her harm and her family to include death threats. Feuerstein has been accused  and is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.CRMInterstate and Foreign Commerce abuseCLSFCTN
Mr. Borell who has links to a hacker-activist network Anonymous, was arrested following an investigation by the FBI. The indictment alleges Mr. Borell hacked into protected computers without authorization on two occasions and intentionally caused damage to servers hosting websites for two Utah law enforcement agencies.CRMComputer IntrusionCLSFCTN
A Huston Texas man was sentenced for stealing funds from bank accounts at Anchor Bank in Minnesota.  Henry Joseph Williams was sentenced to 14 months in prison on one count of wire fraud.. Mr. Williams used an Automated Clearing House (ACH) transaction to divert approximately $29,000 to go to paying off his personal debts.CRMFraud WireCLSFCTN
Two brothers, Andrew and Allen Chiu pleaded guilty to wire fraud in connection with their scheme to defraud Nordstrom of more than $1.4 million in commissions and rebates. The crime went as follows: The brothers where members of FatWallet Inc. that provided coupons and paid cash back to members based on shopping incentives for purchases. The two discovered and began to exploit a computer programming error in the Nordstrom ordering system by placeing orders that would be blocked by Nordstrom. No merchandise would be shipped and no charges to their credit cards and the brothers would still receive the cash back credit from FatWallet. The Chiu borthers placed more than $23 million in fraudulent orders which resulted in Nordstrom paying $1.4 million in rebates and commissions to FatWallet with more than $650,000 going to the brothers. There is no mention that FatWallet had to payback any of the  $750, 000 paid to it.CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN
CRMCriminals are using the Citadel malware to install the Reveton virus on computers, causing them to lock up and display a message that says copyright infringment or illegal software has been detected on the user\'s computer and it is being locked by \"authorities\" until a fine is paidCLSFCTN
CRMThe owner of TCNISO, Ryan Harris, was found guilty of selling software that allowed cable customers to configure their cable modems in a way that allowed them to get high speed Internet access without paying for it.CLSFCTN
CRMAndrew West pleaded guilty in federal court to fraud in a case where he was accused of diverting funds from an artist\'s Paypal account to an account that he controlled.
He was accused of stealing $4000 and faces fines of $250,000, 5 years in prison and under the plea agreement he will also pay restitution.
Mr. West is accused of using unauthorized access to the victims computer to gain access to the Paypal account.CLSFCTN
Criminal, Chris Burruss was convicted of DUI.  Subsequet to the conviction he threatened and attempted to extort his defense attorney that represented him during the DUI case.  Burruss attempted to use several embarrassing text messages and emails that his attorney sent to a few of Burruss\' female friends.  Burruss threatened to send those messages to the Bar to discredit and embarrass the attorney unless he sent an affidavit to the Supreme Court indicating that he mishandled the case and paid the $20,000 in legal fees. CRMInterstate Threat to Injure the Reputation of AnotherCLSFCTN
The article did not say how the investigation was completed.  This is a huge problem in the defense industry today with so many designs, trade/manufacturing secrets being stolen/sold/given to foreign countries. CRMIndicted on five felony offenses stemming from a computer hacking scheme that involved the theft of trade secrets from American defense contractors, including The Boeing Company, which manufactures the C-17 military transport aircraft.CLSFCTN
These indictments are a result of the formation of the Miami Cyber Task Force (MCTF) initiative launched by the FBI in January 2014. The MCTF initiative is designed to combat the growing cyber fraud threat in South Florida. 
CRMThe first indictment involved two related schemes to steal AT&T customer information for the purpose of committing cell phone insurance fraud.  The suspects were employed as customer service representatives at two private companies that operated call centers located in Broward County on behalf of AT&T. As customer service representatives, the defendants used their access to corporate databases to steal AT&T customer personal identification and account information.  The second indictment  involved a scheme to steal thousands of cable boxes and modems and to illegally modify these cable boxes and modems to receive free service.   thousands of cable boxes and modems were ordered from Comcast with similar names and identity information for delivery to addresses in or around Coral Way in Miami. FBI surveillance revealed that co-conspirator J.L.B. (a UPS driver) took these Comcast packages loaded with cable boxes and/or modems to addresses on his delivery route and diverted them to co-conspirator J.R.P.’s residence in Miami. Post-arrest, J.R.P. advised that J.R.P. provided the cable boxes and modems to the defendant so that the modems could be provisioned to receive unlimited service.  The third indictment involved device fraud and aggravated identity theft.  The suspect trafficked in and used counterfeit credit cards on several dates from August 2011 through February 2012 and used the means of identification of a real person in connection with that activity.
CLSFCTN
CRMRussel Freed, 44, was sentanced to 20 years in prison for coercing minors to send him explicit photographs.CLSFCTN
A phishing scheme uses the Internet to target large numbers of unwary individuals, using fraud and deceit to obtain private personal and financial information such as names, addresses, bank account numbers, credit card numbers, and Social Security numbers. Phishing schemes often work by sending out large numbers of counterfeit e-mail messages that are made to appear as if they originated from legitimate banks, financial institutions, or other companies. The fraudulent e-mail messages ask individuals to click on a hyperlink contained in the e-mail message, which would take the individual to a counterfeit site on the Internet that purports to be the Internet site of the particular bank, financial institution, or company. At the counterfeit Internet site, the individual is then asked to enter information such as the individual’s name, address, and credit or debit card numbers.
CRMTwo Romanian citizens have been sentenced for their participation in an extensive Internet “phishing” scheme. CLSFCTN
CRMKaleb Harper Ketchens, 21, of Meridian, Mississippi pleaded guilty to unauthorized use of a computer system.  He faces up to 5 years in prison.
He was accused of stealing personal identification information and posting it online.CLSFCTN
The appendices outlines how the information was gathered and how to avoid being caught in one of these traps.CRMIn 2009 the IC3 received 336,655 complaints which is a 22% increase from 2008.  Nearly half of all cases, 146,663, were referred to local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies for further investigation.  The total dollar value loss in 2009 from all cases was over $559m.  That is double what was lost in 2008.  This year, the IC3 implemented a new way of collecting complaints through a questionnaire that automatically assigned a type of fraud or non-fraud category to the complaint.  Auction fraud continued its slide and ended up with only 6% of the total complaints.  Non-delivered payment or merchandise was the second most prevalent at nearly 12%.  Male perpetrators made up 76% of all complaints while only 54% of complainants were male.  Males lost more money than females at a rate of $1.51 to every $1.   FBI scams became very popular this year, the top most common complaint.  This scam is where a fake email is sent to the victim eliciting information with regards to an investigation, willing the victim into giving over the information.  The US continued its trend of harboring the most perpetrators with the most populated areas having the higher densities.  More often than not, the perpetrator was not from the same state as the victim.  
The Hitman Scam became a very popular scam this year.  This is where a victim would receive an email from an organization such as “Ishmael Ghost Islamic Group” and this email would detail how the victim was on the top of the hitlist, but if he or she would send some money to help get Muslims out of jail they would spare their lives.  Work-from-home scams also gained popularity this year.
CLSFCTN
(Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) The FBI arrested Jared James Abrahams, a Temecula college student, for computer hacking and extortion.  Abrahams pleaded guilty to the charges after he hacked into the social media and email accounts of as many as 150 women, taking control of their social postings, email, and even their computers.  Once he gained access to incriminating files (such as nude photos), Abrahams extorted the women into providing more photos or submitting to Skype sessions in which Abrahams directed them what to do.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
(Identity Theft, 10130002) A United Kingdom citizen, Lauri Love, worked with other computer hackers worldwide to search for internet-connected servers that were vulnerable to the SQL injection exploit.  After finding a set of vulnerable servers, Love determined that they belonged to the Federal Reserve and gained unauthorized access.  Love retrieved and posted sensitive personal information from the servers of Federal Reserve users onto public sites (including names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers).CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
(No Crime) The Northwest Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory (NWRCFL) received an accreditation from the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors/Laboratory Accreditation Board (ASCLD/LAB) in digital and multimedia evidence.  One of 308 laboratories with this international accreditation, the NWRCFL received the status with zero findings regarding its laboratory personnel, operational/technical polices, practices, procedures, and quality management system.  It is one of 16 centers nationwide that are part of the FBI’s RCFL program and is used to support investigations in Oregon and eastern Washington from federal, state, and local organizations.CRMCLSFCTN
(No Crime) The Holland Middle School in Holland, Pennsylvania won the national award in the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Safe Online Surfing (FBI-SOS) program.  This free program for 3rd through 8th grade students is designed to assist with teaching kids safe online habits.  Topics that are discussed in the program include protection of personal information, password strength, cell phone safety, social networking safety, and online gaming safety.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMIn 2010, A Dutch national Joey Vogelaar hacked into a company involved in the production release and stole digital versions of three Hollywood movies: “How Do You Know” by Sony Pictures Entertainment  and “Rango” by the Paramount production as well as  “Megamind” by Dreamworks. CLSFCTN
CRMSAN JOSE—Nathan Moser, Peter Siragusa, AKA Bobby Russo, Carlo Pacileo, Trent Williams, and Sumit Gupta, AKA Sumit Vishnoi, were charged with crimes related to a conspiracy to access the e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and computers of people opposing Moser’s and Siragua’s clients’ in civil lawsuits, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson.

A federal grand jury indicted Moser, 41, of Menlo Park, Calif.; Siragusa, 59, of Novato, Calif.; Pacileo, 44, of El Segundo, Calif.; Williams, 24, of Martinez, Calif.; and Gupta, 26, of Jabalapur, India, on January 15, 2015, charging them with one count of Conspiracy, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(b), six counts of Accessing a Protected Computer and Obtaining Information, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C), and two counts of Interception of Electronic Communications, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2511(1)(a). The indictment was unsealed in court in San Jose, Calif., yesterday.

According to the Indictment, Moser was a private investigator and owner of Moser and Associates in Menlo Park. Siragusa was also a private investigator and owner of Siragusa Investigations in Novato. Although Moser and Siragusa operated separate businesses, they often assisted in each other’s investigations. The Indictment further alleges that Williams and Gupta were computer hackers hired by Moser and Siragusa to access the e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and protected computers of individuals without authorization. Pacileo was the director of security for ViSalus, a network marketing company based in Los Angeles and one of Moser’s clients.

The Indictment alleges that the object of the defendants’ conspiracy was to obtain information that would assist Moser’s and Siragusa’s clients, including Pacileo, in the clients’ lawsuits. According to the indictment, once retained by a client, Moser and Siragusa would hire Williams and Gupta, among others, to hack into the victims’ e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and protected computers. In addition to that conduct, the defendants allegedly installed and used a keylogger—a tool that intercepts and logs the particular keys struck on a keyboard in a covert manner so that the person using the keyboard is unaware that his or her actions are being monitored—to obtain information that would assist Moser’s and Siragusa’s clients.

According to the Indictment, Ocean Avenue, a network marketing company based in South Jordan, Utah, was a competitor of ViSalus that had hired several former ViSalus employees. As a result, ViSalus initiated a civil lawsuit against Ocean Avenue employees. Pacileo hired Moser to investigate Ocean Avenue. Moser allegedly enlisted Siragusa to assist with the investigation, and together they hired hackers to illegally obtain information to assist in the lawsuit.

Moser, Siragusa, and Williams made their initial appearances in San Jose yesterday before the Honorable Paul S. Grewal, U.S. Magistrate Judge. Moser was released on a $100,000 bond, with his wife signing as surety and custodian. Moser’s next hearing is scheduled for identification of counsel today before Judge Grewal. Siragusa was released pending the filing of a $100,000 secured bond on or before February 20, 2015. His next hearing is scheduled for February 23, 2015, at 1:30 p.m. before the Honorable Edward J. Davila, U.S. District Judge, in San Jose. Williams, who remains in custody, has a detention hearing scheduled for February 13, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., before Judge Grewal.

Pacileo made his initial appearance in Los Angeles before the Honorable Ralph Zarefsky, U.S. Magistrate Judge, and was released pending the filing of a $25,000 secured bond on or before February 13, 2015. His next hearing is scheduled for February 23, 2015 before Judge Davila.

An arrest warrant has been issued by the court for Gupta, who is believed to be in India. FBI Agents in San Jose are working with the FBI office in New Delhi, India, to secure Gupta’s prosecution.

The maximum statutory penalty for a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(b) is five years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. The maximum statutory penalty for each violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C) is 10 years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. The maximum statutory penalty for each violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2511(1)(a) is five years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. However, any sentence will be imposed by the court only after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Matt Parrella and Michelle Kane are the Assistant U.S. Attorneys who are prosecuting the case with the assistance of Elise Etter. The prosecution is the result of an investigation by the FBI.
This content has been reproduced from its original source. CLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI posted tips on avoiding fraudulent charitable contribution schemes in response to the recent alleged fraudulent schemes after the recent tornadoes that affected several Southern states.  Criminals exploit tragedies for their own gain by sending fraudulent e-mails and creating phony websites designed to solicit contributions. The National Center for Disaster Fraud was created by the Department of Justice to investigate, prosecute, and deter fraud after Katrina and there are more than 20 federal agencies, including the FBI, that participate. Tips should be reported to the National Center for Disaster Fraud, (866) 720-5721. Additionally, e-mails can be sent to disaster@leo.gov, and information can be faxed to (225) 334-4707.  Consumers can also report suspicious e-mail solicitations or fraudulent websites to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center, www.ic3.gov.  

The FBI reminds the public to perform due diligence before giving contributions to anyone soliciting donations or individuals offering to provide assistance to those affected by the disaster. Solicitations can originate from e-mails, websites, door-to-door collections, flyers, mailings, telephone calls, and other similar methods.  Before making a donation, adhere to the following guidelines:
    •  Do not respond to any unsolicited (spam) incoming e-mails, including clicking links contained within those messages, because they may contain computer viruses.
    •  Be skeptical of individuals representing themselves as members of charitable organizations or officials asking for donations via e-mail or social networking sites.
    •  Beware of organizations with copy-cat names similar to but not exactly the same as those of reputable charities.
    •  Rather than follow a purported link to a website, verify the legitimacy of nonprofit organizations by utilizing various Internet-based resources that may assist in confirming the group’s existence and its nonprofit status.
    •  Be cautious of e-mails that claim to show pictures of the disaster areas in attached files because the files may contain viruses. Only open attachments from known senders 
    •  To ensure contributions are received and used for intended purposes, make contributions directly to known organizations rather than relying on others to make the donation on your behalf.
    •  Do not be pressured into making contributions; reputable charities do not use such tactics
    •  Be aware of whom you are dealing with when providing your personal and financial information. Providing such information may compromise your identity and make you vulnerable to identity theft.
    •  Avoid cash donations if possible. Pay by credit card or write a check directly to the charity. Do not make checks payable to individuals. 
    •  Legitimate charities do not normally solicit donations via money transfer services. Most legitimate charities’ websites end in .org rather than .com.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI warns computer users to make sure their firewall/anti-virus software is up to date and exercises caution when users receive e-mails that show a photo/video of Osama Bin Laden’s death.  What they have determined is that these image files could contain malicious software that when launched can infect not only your system but also systems of your friends and family.  They have also found it is possible for the malicious software to steal your personal information.  The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) provides users with the following tips when faced with this situation:
  
    •  Adjust the privacy settings on social networking sites
    •  Dont agree to download software to view videos 
    •  Read e-mails you receive very carefully
    •  Report e-mails fraudulent FBI e-mails to the IC3 at www.ic3.gov
CRMCLSFCTN
Alleged additional crimes are wire fraud, bank fraud, and illegal interception of electronic communications.CRMCoreflood VirusCLSFCTN
Other alleged crimes are wire fraud, bank fraud, and illegal interception of electronic communications.CRMCoreflood Virus AttackCLSFCTN
In this news item, the 2010 Internet Crimes Report (http://www.ic3.gov/media/annualreport/2010_IC3Report.pdf) is released and highlights were discussed, the FBI/National White Collar Crime Complaint Center (IC3) marked its 10th anniversary, and had received its two millionth complaint.  The three most common most common complaints made to the joint IC3 in 2010 were non-delivery of payment or merchandise, scams impersonating the FBI, and identify theft.  Also included in this release was a state-by-state breakdown of complaints (e.g. MA’s top three were non-delivery of payment or merchandise, auction fraud, and identify theft).  Highlights included such things as receiving 300,000 complaints last year and 170,000 met the financial thresholds to be investigated by local, state or federal law enforcement and even though 130,000 didn’t meet the thresholds they helped investigators identify emerging fraud trends.  Other statistics provided were that most complaints were from U.S. male CA, FL, TX, NY, WA, District of Columbia residents (40-59 years old) and highest number outside the U.S. came from UK, Nigeria and Canada. In addition to the top three complaints, computer crimes, miscellaneous fraud, advance fee fraud, spam, auction fraud, credit card fraud, and overpayment fraud topped the list. The report also contains information on some alerts the IC3 sent out during 2010 (e.g. telephone scams, online apartment/house rental scams, denial-of-service attacks, fake e-mails for disaster relief efforts). CRMCLSFCTN
Another crime noted in this news item was Wire FraudCRMHacking into computer networksCLSFCTN
Another alleged crime in this case is conspiracy to access a computer without authorizationCRMFraud in connection with personal informationCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI discusses how it not only investigates online crimes targeting children but also works to educate kids and their parents by posting useful resources on their public website, sending cyber agents to visit schools, and offering their Safe Online Surfing (SOS) program to schools.  Each of these programs help kids and/or parents understand how to recognize, report and avoid online danger.  The news item also discusses an FBI intelligence-driven and multiagency investigative operation (task force includes more than 40 countries), Innocent Images, which is focused on combating the proliferation of child pornography/child sexual exploitation facilitated by computers.  Various statistics (e.g. 2,435 % increase in cases opened, 1,171 % increase in information/indictments, 3,421 % increase in arrests, locates, summons) are noted indicating the tremendous growth of the operation between 1996 and 2009. CRMCLSFCTN
Fraud results in the loss of billions of dollars from it’s victims every year.  In 2005 alone, mortgage fraud cost victims over 1 billion dollars and internet fraud accounted for 183 million in losses. The golden rule, “If it looks to good to be true it probably is” should be kept in mind.  Below are different types of fraud:
•	Telemarketing fraud
•	Nigerian letters
•	Identity fraud
•	Ponzi schemes
•	Internet Auction fraud
•	Scams targeting seniors
•	Mortgage fraud
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMA California man purchased the stolen source code of the game “Lineage”.  He set up gaming servers and illegally offered the game at a discount to other gamers, costing the parent company $750,000 a month in lost revenue.  In November 2006 the FBI raided the California man’s home shutting down the game, seizing the domain, and posting the FBI anti-piracy warning on the website.CLSFCTN
Vishing is a form of phishing but using VOIP technology.  The overall goal is to get you to divulge your account information so that criminals can steal from you.
Vishing comes in a couple different forms:
•	The victim gets an email that asks them to call a phone number that is actually a VOIP account.  The person is asked for account numbers, passwords, and other critical information that can be used to access their financial accounts. 
•	The victim is contacted over the phone by a live person or a robo-call directing the user to “protect their account”.  The user is then asked for account information.
VOIP is an attractive target for criminals because it is inexpensive and easy to mask who is really calling. 
CRMCLSFCTN
In 2006 consumers filed 207,492 complaints regarding Internet crime and claimed to have lost $198.4 million.  45% of these complaints were regarding auction fraud, of which 19% were for undelivered merchandise or payments.  The perpetrators of these crimes were 75% men with 61% living in the US.  The average victim was a male between the ages of 30 to 40 and living in California, Texas, Florida, or New York.  Average loss per event was $724, however the highest losses were with the Nigerian letter fraud which had a medial loss of $5,100.CRMCLSFCTN
Disgruntled employee with high-level access to company’s computers quit when passed over for promotion.  Accessed company computers using stolen IDs/passwords.  Damaged and altered software applications that resulted in significant revenue loss by the company.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Man stole motion pictures by hacking into a computer where the films were located using stolen identity.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Man posted threats to kill police officers on the Internet with intention to intimidate them.  Google noticed the postings on YouTube and contacted the FBI.CRMThreatCLSFCTN
Man sold eavesdropping software (Spyware) that once surreptitiously installed on a user’s smartphone would track the user’s locations, all traffic to and from the phone, and activate a microphone to hear conversations going on around the phone.CRMSpywareCLSFCTN
CRMThe companies, PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker, committed two sets of crimes - they avoided US Internet gaming laws by operating overseas and attempted to disguise their financial transactions by making those associated with gambling to appear to be legitimate Internet eCommerce.  In addition, they defrauded customers in that they told the customers that their winnings were held in escrow and available for withdrawal at any time while in fact most of the money was unavailable.CLSFCTN
Mr. Ochoa claims to be part of the hacking groups \"Anonymous\" and \"CabinCr3w\"CRMHiginio Ochoa of Galveston, TX pleaded guilty to charges of illegally accessing computer of the Texas Dept of Public Safety, the Alabama Dept of Public Safety, the W. Virginia Chiefs of Police Association and the Houston County, AL.  He downloaded data, deleted data and defaced the web sites.  He also made the stolen data available to others.CLSFCTN
At least one of the defendents claimed to be part of the hacking group AnonymousCRMThree residents of Pittsburg were charged with cyber crimes related to installation of malware and data theft from a law firm, identified in the indictments as \"VG\"CLSFCTN
CRMBo Zhang, a contract computer programmer at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York pleaded guilty to stealing software that performs the general ledger upgates for accounts within the Department of the Treasury.  He also admitted to filing false documents that help foreigners obtain visa by stating that they worked for his computer training business.CLSFCTN
CRMThe FBi is reporting that malicious software has been detected in the process of connecting to some overseas hotel Internet connections.  A pop-up window appears to ask the user if they want to update some unnamed common software.  If the user clicks the OK button then the malicious software gets installed.CLSFCTN
The IC3 added a very helpful “Top 5 Questions” section about their investigations.CRMNew this year, the IC3 granted remote access to the FBI and other investigative services in order to streamline the investigations by these entities.  The IC3 also implemented a service where investigative bodies can more easily parse records for ease of digestion or to ensure the right cases are brought to the forefront.  Auction fraud fell from its high of over 70% of cases in 2004 to just about 10% in 2010.  IC3 attributes this to both increased security and normalization of purchasing items online as well as the increasing creativity and broadening of skillsets of those wishing to commit a crime.  The gender gap between those reporting crimes has narrowed to almost even.  Also, the age spread had evened out, showing that many more people had access to the internet than at the beginning of the tracking.  The number of complaints and subsequently the number of referrals dropped in 2010.  The highest percentage of crimes was non-delivery of goods, but it is only 14% of the total.  Per capita, the US still held the majority of the complaints and within the states the most populous states still held the highest percentage.CLSFCTN
Kaleb Harper Ketchens of Meridian, Mississippi unlawfully obtained and disseminated students\' names and identification numbers. Ketchens has pleaded guilty to two counts of computer fraud and one count of fraud and related activity.CRM?Computer Fraud/Crime CLSFCTN
Istvan Laszlo Csurgo masterminded a scheme that consisted of the false sale of motor vehicles and boats through a website. The buyers would wire money into one of the 45 accounts set up by Csurgo and his co-conspirators from which the conspirators would withdraw money before the buyer identified that this was a scheme. Csurgo was sentenced to 26 months in prison and was ordered to pay restitution and forfeit all of the proceeds gained from the scheme. CRM*Auction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN
Operating out of a boiler room in Montreal Canada, Pascal Goyer and five other defendants ran a grandparent scheme. They would call  victim and claim that the victim\'s grandchildren or other relatives had a crisis and was in need of money to solve the crisis. The defendants would also impersonate third parties, such as a lawyer, during the calls. They would then disseminate instructions for a wire transfer of the necessary funds, usually in the range of $2,000 to $3,000. The defendants would either impersonate the victim of the crisis or they had convinced the victim to send the wire transfer to their impersonated third party. The defendants have been indicted on 23 counts, which carries a maximum of 20 years of imprisonment.CRMMiscellnaneous FraudCLSFCTN
William Paul Patrick, 68, of Glastonbury, would arrange for sex shows involving minors. Child pornography was found during the seizure of several computers and hard drives. The seizure also revealed that Patrick would orchestrate the sex acts to be performed on the children. Patrick received 180 months of imprisonment followed by five years of supervised release.CRM*Child PornographyCLSFCTN
Sentenced to three years of supervised release.CRMcriminal threats over the internetCLSFCTN
250 victims with 200,000 in actual and intended losses.
CRMID TheftCLSFCTN
click jacking generating $200,000 and $400,000 in fraudulent commissions from eBay, CRMonline auction fraudCLSFCTN
Total of $5M damage, potential of 10 years prisonCRMhacked into DOE, HHS, ando ther federal systems and commited ID theftCLSFCTN
Duplicate entry of another listed FBINews itemCRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), partnered with the FBI and National White Collar Crime Center, receives its 2 millionth online criminal activity complaint on 9 November, 2010.  It took seven years to reach 1 million and only 3 additional years to reach the second million which indicates the rising growth of cyber-crimes.  The job of the IC3 is receive, develop, and refer cyber-crime complaints to local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies. The IC3 also gives cyber- crime victims a convenient and easy-to-use to report suspected criminal or civil violations.  Of the 757,016 criminal complaints, the majority of the crimes involve fraud in which the complainant incurred a financial loss and the total reported is approximately $1.7 billion.  Also noted was that a lot of the complaints involved crimes such as identity theft and unauthorized use of credit cards or bank accounts.  The IC3 uses the information from these complaints to identify emerging trends and develop consumer education which they post on their education website, www.lookstoogoodtobetrue.com.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI warns consumers of Cyber Scams like “Smishing” or “Vishing” and “Phishing”.  “Phishing schemes using e-mails that direct victims to spoofed merchant websites misleading them into providing personal information.  Smishing schemes use a combination of SMS texting and a phishing scheme.  Vishing schemes use a combination of voice and a phishing scheme.  Consumers receive a text message or an automated phone call on their cell phone saying there’s a problem with their bank account and given a phone number to call or a website to log into where they are asked to provide their personal identifiable information (e.g. bank account number, PIN, or credit card number) to fix the problem and the criminal now has their personal information to steal their money.  Criminals usually set up an automated dialing system to make or send the text or email messages in a particular region/area code using stolen customer phone numbers from banks or credit unions.  Cyber-crimes are just for computers anymore.  Smishing scams target mobile phones and Vishing scams target both mobile and land lines.   Two other scams noted in this news item are Online auction and classified ad fraud and Delivery Fraud.  Online auction and classified ad fraud is where criminals post products on the internet that they don’t really have but charge the consumer’s credit card anyway and pocket the money.  Delivery fraud is where internet criminals pose as legitimate delivery services, offer a reduced/free shipping labels for a fee and when the customer tries to ship a package using the purchased phony label the legitimate delivery requests payment from the customer. The IC3 recommends consumers should do things like not respond to text/automated voice messages from unknown sources, don’t download anything from untrusted sources, use legitimate payment services/credit cards for online purchases so you can dispute charges, confirm you are working with a legitimate seller and be sure to check the sellers ratings/feedback information, and don’t respond to unsolicited emails/text messages requesting personal information. For more information about the latest cyber-crime scams, visit IC3’s website.CRMCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were mail fraud and aggravated identity theftCRMCopyright infringementCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI opened the Orange County Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory (OCRCFL), part of a national network of FBI-sponsored full-service forensics laboratories and training centers that have solved crimes in support of national security, criminal and cyber cases since the late 1990s.  They examine digital evidence collected at federal, state, local criminal and terrorism investigations and provide expert digital forensics services to law enforcement which includes court testimony. Personnel adhere to proven objective processes and protocols that produce repeatable and verifiable results which are critical to the practice of digital forensics.  Also noted were other RCFLs, Los Angles Division in 2008, and Anaheim Police Department, California Department of Toxic Substances Control, Fullerton Police Department, Irvine Police Department, Newport Beach Police Department, Orange County District Attorney’s Office, Orange County Sheriff’s Department, Santa Ana Police Department, and the Westminster Police Department in 2009. The increased use of electronic equipment by criminals resulted in a increased number of investigations where digital media was seized for analysis (e.g. RCFL conducted 6,985 digital forensic exams and 6,500 requests for assistance in 2010).  Another thing the RCFL does is train law enforcement personnel (e.g. since 2003 over 38,150 have been trained worldwide). For more information on the RCFL go to www.rcfl.gov or www.ocrcfl.org to learn more about the OCRCFL.CRMCLSFCTN
There is always a very helpful part in the appendices about avoiding crimes and how to report them if you are a victim.  They also added a section on the lifecycle of a complaint this year, which I find very helpful from any customer service entity.CRMIt is very obvious that the IC3 has increased both their awareness of the internet crimes and their ability to reach out to victims, or at least to let victims know they are there.  They have clearly put effort into explaining what the IC3 does and does not do to the victims through these reports. The original ones did not have much other than the crimes and statistics with a few tips on how to avoid or report crimes.  The later additions have reached out to the victims.  The IC3 also established remote access for the FBI and Law Enforcement Online (LEO) in 2011.  However, there were over 314k crimes reported in 2011, and increase from 2010.  The trend of the gender gap of complainants shrinking continued with the males still holding a slight advantage at 51%.  Alaska had the most complaints for 100k people, but California, Texas, Florida, and New York were the highest overall. The US had the most complaints with over 90% of the total internationally.  The top five reported crimes were FBI related scams (35K), identity theft (30K), advance fee fraud (28K), non-deliver of goods (22K), and overpayment fraud (18K).  So called romance scams made the report for the first time.  These are more commonly referred to as catfishing now.  Daily loses from these crimes were reported to be on average $138k, or $5700 per hour.   CLSFCTN
Joseph J. Ostrowski, a former football coach at Holy Redeemer High School in Wilkes-Barre was charged with producing and attempting to produce child pornography and interstate extortion.  Ostroski had minors engage in sexually explicit conduct in order to make visual images and distribute via the internet.
After the Pennsylvania grand jury indicted him, he was taken in to custody and also charged with cyber stalking from an earlier incident in Michigan.  Ostroski committed the crimes ranging from child pornography to interstate extortion from 2006 to 2012 and victims were from 14 states.  Some victims were adults and some were minors.
US attorney Peter Smith said, ““Sextortion, whether the victims are allegedly adults or minors, is an ugly and vicious crime. Schools, as well as parents and potential victims, need to be alert and responsive to signs of this insidious abuse of social media. For that reason, we are providing information about this case to organizations that represent colleges and universities so they, in turn, can develop programs to inform and assist students who may be potential victims to identify, resist, and report such conduct to law enforcement as soon as possible.”
Ostrowski’s lawyers filed a plea agreement for 25 years in prison and lifetime supervised release which is subject to the approval of the US District Court Judge.  This case was brought as a part of the Project Safe Childhood, the nationwide effort by the Department of Justice to fight child sexual exploitation.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant US Attorney Francis Sempa.
CRMchild pornography, interstate extortion, cyber stalkingCLSFCTN
Mr. Osarhieme Obaygbona of Atlanta GA was sentenced to 70 months in prison for his role in a computer fraud ring.  Mr. Obaygbona was convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized access to a computer.
Mr. Waya Nwaki was Mr. Obaygbona’s partner.  Mr. Nwaki provided stolen identifiers from fake websites. Phishing involves setting up false imitation websites tricking the customers of the institutions such as banks to enter their personal information.  Then the information is collected allowing the thieves to makes unauthorized access and withdrawals from the customer’s accounts. Obaygbona also used the info to create driver’s licenses and accessed the victim’s accounts to view on line check images, then forge checks and withdrawal slips.  Obaygbona also received three years supervised release and restitution of $97,632.
CRMcomputer fraud and identity theft phishingCLSFCTN
A 36 year old Florida man was sentenced to 120 months in federal prison after being convicted of tapping into celebrities’ emails including Renee Olstead, Mila Kunis, and Scarlett Johansson.

Mr. Chris Chaney was ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $66,179 by Judge James Otero.  Judge Otero said that Mr. Chaney’s conduct was “callous disregard to the victims” especially the two victims who are not celebrities.  Chaney had stalked the two victims for more than 10 years. Judge Chaney said that with the increase in cybercrime, one must realize that emotional distress is just as devastating as physical injury. Chaney pleaded guilty to nine felony counts including wiretapping and unauthorized access to a personal computer.

Mr. Chaney was able to view every email of more than four dozen people and know their personal information.  Mr. Chaney obtained photographs illegally and then posted them on the internet.  This case is a reminder that cybercrime is a threat to al Americans and everyone needs to protect their information said US attorney Andre Birottoe, Jr.

This crime was just like if Mr. Chaney entered the victim’s homes at night said Bill Lewis, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI’s Los Angeles Field Office.  He continues to say Mr. Chaney targeted his victim’s based on their celebrity status without regard of the impact their personal lives by revealing the personal information.  This case will serve as an example to those who are contemplating committing this type of crime. 

While pleading guilty, Mr. Chaney admitted that he hacked into the email accounts by clicking on the forgot your password  feature and resetting the passwords using public information he discovered from the internet.  Once in the mailbox, he was privy to all emails and personal contacts used for additional victimization.

In addition to illegal entry to the mailboxes, he then set up the auto forward feature to have all emails sent to his personal email account without the victim’s knowledge.  The victims were not regularly checking this feature even after they regained control of their accounts.

Mr. Chaney gained pictures, confidential contracts, scripts, letters, driver’s license information and Social Security information.  Chaney also sent emails from the accounts impersonating the victims requesting additional private photos. Then Chaney distributed the photos to hacker and gossip websites resulting with the photos being posted on the Internet.
CRMwiretapping, theftCLSFCTN
A Swedish credit card payment processor was sentence to 48 months in prison after he infected victim’s computer with a software program that claimed to protect the victim’s computer but actually was useless.  The cyber ring crime netted $71 million said Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Washington Jenny A. Durkan, and Special Agent in Charge Laura M. Laughlin of the FBI Seattle Division.

Mr. Mikael P. Sallnert, a 37 year old from Sweden, was sentenced by Chief U.S. District Judge Marsha J. Pechman in the Western District of Washington.  He was ordered to pay $650,000 in restitution in addition to the prison term. Assistant Attorney General Breuer stated the Sallinert was responsible for victimizing about 960,000 people and played a large part in the large cyber ring crime.  Sallinert collected millions of dollars from the victims whom believed their computers were infected and the fake software could repair the computers.  He continued that cybercrime is very real threat to businesses and the Justice Department is committed to chasing cyber criminals across the globe.

US Attorney said that Sallnert was the backbone of the cybercrime underworld and people who commit these crimes are the reason e-commerce costs increase.  He was involved in the insecurities that threaten the legitimate e-commerce businesses.  This crime involved many countries and with the partners of the FBI worldwide, the agency was able to dismantle this threat and ensure Mr. Sallnert faces justice.  

The operation was a part of the Operation Trident Tribunal which is an ongoing effort targeting cybercrime.  Mr. Sallnert was arrested in Denmark on January 19, 2012 and extradited to the US in March 2012.  He plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of accessing a protected computer to commit fraud.

Scareware is malicious software that poses as legitimate computer security software and purports to detect a variety of threats on the affected computer that do not actually exist.  Scareware uses various methods of conning the victims such as fake web pages posing as scans.
CRMFraudCLSFCTN
CRMJames A. Lovell, the mission commander for Apollo 13 notified the FBI that the Medal of Freedom originally cast for him in 1970 was up for sale on an internet auction site.  This medal was defective and replaced by a new medal so it was not in Lovell’s possession.  The FBI identified the seller and seized the medal and accessories including the wooden storage box bearing the presidential seal.  At the time of the article no arrests had been made or charges filed.  However, since the medal still technically belonged to the White House, it could be considered theft of government property.CLSFCTN
A member of the Infragard program notified the Birmingham, Alabama FBI field office of the FBI regarding computer hackers in Europe who compromised the WEP encryption used in wireless networks.  They were reportedly ready to share the secret.  This would allow unauthorized users to tap into wireless networks protected by WEP.  It was recommended that users protect their wireless networks with newer protocols such as WPA2, TKIP, or AES.CRMCLSFCTN
Online gambling is illegal in the U.S. with the exception of some free online games, fantasy leagues, and Indian gaming sites.  It is also illegal for businesses to run gambling website and solicit online bets, including handling transactions for online gamblers.

There are currently dozens of FBI cases against the owners of these illegal online gambling sites.  The FBI is also initiating cases against the companies supporting the transactions involved in online gambling.  In 2003 an internet financial services company paid $10 million in a civil agreement stemming from allegations that it supported illegal offshore gaming and online gambling.
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMAn ongoing operation referred to as “Operation Bot Roast” was launched to combat the problem of botnets.  The FBI identified approximately 1 million computers that were compromised and were part of botnets.  
Operation Botnet has resulted in the arrest of numerous individuals around the nation.  This operation was launched due to the national security implications regarding botnets.  The owners of these botnets can:
o	Steal identities
o	Launch SPAM campaigns
o	Engage in click fraud
o	Launch DOS attacks.

One of the difficulties in combatting botnets is that many times the owners of the infected computers don’t even realize they are infected.  There is no easy way to tell.
CLSFCTN
Puchasing accounts at schools fraudulently obtained via social engineering; later merchandise was bought by thieves using these accounts and fake email accounts, and shipped overseas for sale.  School was billed for undelivered merchandise.  Suppliers had no recourse and had to assume the loss.CRMNon-Auction - Sale of Stolen GoodsCLSFCTN
Criminals call people and tell them their relative/friend has been kidnapped which they have not.  The criminal urges the victim to wire money quickly to assure safe return of kidnap victim.  Sense of urgency to prevent victim from checking up on alleged victim.CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN
Criminals setup phony Government websites which captured email account user names and passwords of Government people logging in think it was a real Government site.  Criminals then used the account information to order computer supplies in the victims’ names and ordered the supplies shipped to an address from which they were sent to Africa and sold on the black market.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Criminals contact people who registered with on-line dating websites. The criminals pose as people whose personnel information was obtained from other social websites so they would look real.  The relationship develops on line.  Later the criminals ask the victim for money.CRMRelationship FraudCLSFCTN
Mr. Kernell was convicted and sentenced for intentionally accessing without authorization the e-mail account of the former Alaskan Gov. Sarah Palin and obstructing justice. Mr. Kernell unauthorized access to Gov. Palin\'s email was done by resetting her public online email accounts password.  Through a series of guessing the security questions he was allowed to reset the accounts password.  He then posted the account and password along with screen shots of read personal email on the Internet.  This all occurred on 16 September 2008.  After unauthorized entry into the email account he began to erase the evidence on his computer and else where in order to impede an anticipated FBI investigation.CRMa misdemeanor on unauthorized access to obtain info from a computer and obstruction of justiceCLSFCTN
Mr. Qiang “Michael” Bi was convicted of copying more than 35,000 computer games and then reselling them on the Internet on Ebay.com and Amazon.com.  He used PayPal to collect the money with either his name attached or in others names..  He will have to make restitution to the companies who created the video games.  He is forfeiting his interest in his home, car, and all computer and electronic equipment used in the crime.
CRMMail Fraud, Copyright InfringementCLSFCTN
Mr. Auernheimer of Ark, and Mr. Spitler of CA hacked into AT&T servers and obtained persnoal subscriber information. The hack was against Apples first generation iPad. Some models had the ability to connect to AT&T cell towers through an exchange of Integrated Circuit Card Identifiers, similar to Media Access Controller on computers Network Interface Card.  The ICC-ID was used in identifying the device and the user and was associated with the users confidential email address. The hack aimed an iPad 3G models to \'slurp\' up  email addresses. By faking an ICC-ID the AT&T servers accepted access to the network. Then a script was used to brute force ICC-IDs against information computer systems internal to AT&T. The pair got 120,000 ICC-ID/email address for iPad 3G customers. They then published there findings and wrote a story on the hack. Each got upto five years in prison and $250,000 fines.CRMAccessing a computer without authorization, and fraudCLSFCTN
Mr. Jeremey Parker of Texas was convicted of one count of wire fraud. Mr. Parker hacked (unauthorized access to a computer system) into SWReg, Inc., a susidiary of the cyber-based company Digital River, Inc. in order to steal money. SWReg is a royalties credit banking system. Independent software developers have accounts and can cash out and the money is transferred to an accredited banking institution e.g., Citibank, Chase, PayPal, etc. Mr. Parker hacked in created a dummy account and caused real accounts to transfer their funds into that account from which he transferred it to his bank account. He stole approximately $275,000.
Mr. Parker hacked into NASAs Greenbelt MD servers supporting oceanographic streaming data from satellites of paying customers and institutions. The hack caused NASA $43,000 in damages and shutdown the servers to appropriately 3,300 users.CRMWire Fraud, Computer HackingCLSFCTN
Mr Shaikh a founding member of YouSendIt, Inc was charged with and pleaded guilty to the transmission of a code to cause damage to a protected computer. Allegedly used the ApacheBench computer code, meant to measure performance of web servers, to the companies web servers. He overwhelmed the servers rendering them to handle legitimate network traffic. CRMtransmission of a code to cause damage to a protected computer CLSFCTN
Mr. Jason Cornish of Georgia was arrested with allegations in shutting down and crashing systems within Shionogi Inc. a Japanese pharmaceutical company network where Mr. Cornish was a former employee. Mr. Cornish used his knowledge and access to the network to gain unauthorized access and with the help of previously installed malicious intended software removed 15 virtual hosts. These hosts acted as 88 virtual machines. Each of the hosts were specifically targeted with the intent to do harm with the maximum amount of damage. He was tracked through his access from his home and a local McDonald\'s, were he used a credit card to purchase items.
CRMknowingly transmitting computer code with the intent to damage computers in interstate commerceCLSFCTN
This case involves WikiLeaks a web sight with anarchy overtones in the guise of freedom of speech and liberty for all. WikiLeaks runs a similar business financial model as does Wikipedia by accepting donations through online banking such as PayPal. In late November 2010, the web sight published a large amount of classified U.S. State Department cables. Citing violations of their of the PayPal terms PayPal suspended WikiLeaks account. In retaliation a small group of computer enthusiasts donned the “Anonymous” cloak and began a campaign attacking PayPals computer servers by conducting a Distributive Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
Among the core individuals arrested and charged with the DDoS attack against PayPals servers a handful of individuals a Mr. Arciszewski was arrested on unauthorized access to Tampa Bay InfraGard web servers, and Mr. Moore whom exceeded his authorized access to AT&T servers to download thousands documents and posted them through a computer hacking group LulzSec.CRMvarious counts of conspiracy and intentional damage to a protected computer without authorizationCLSFCTN
ransomware and cryptolocker tasks forces have been setup by the FBI to combat this threat, USCERT has setup a website to engage and helpCRMransomwareCLSFCTN
the end user / retailer must vigilant against such attackers and must be educated to identify these threats.CRMtwist on Nigerian price fraud, false delivery of goodsCLSFCTN
insider attack with ID theft used, employers must be vigillantCRMID theft and credit fraudCLSFCTN
better security is a must, against all arrays of criminal activityCRMcyberstalking CLSFCTN
If you suspect that your phone has been effected you can reset the phone to factory defaults to eliminate unwanted programs.
CRMThe Stealth Genie App allows people to monitor many of the functions and usage of standard smart phone without the owner of the phone know that that were being monitored.  To work, a person would have to have access to the target\'s smart phone and download the Stealth Genie app to the target\'s phone.  The app is completely invisible to the phone\'s owner.   The aggressor can record and store data from the target\'s phone - the aggressor accesses the phone through a Stealth Genie portal through the internet.  Capabilities of the App:
•	Call Recording: Records all incoming/outgoing voice calls or those specified by the purchaser of the app.
•	Call Interception: Allows the purchaser to intercept calls on the phone to be monitored while they take place, without the knowledge of the monitored smartphone user.
•	Recorded Surroundings: Allows the purchaser to call the phone and activate it at any time to monitor all surrounding conversations within a 15-foot radius without the knowledge of the user.
•	Electronic Mail: Allows the purchaser to monitor the incoming and outgoing e-mail messages of user, read their saved drafts, and view attachments.
•	SMS: Allows the purchaser to monitor the user’s incoming and outgoing SMS messages.
•	Voicemail: Allows the purchaser to monitor the incoming voicemail messages.
•	Contacts: Allows the purchaser to monitor the entries in the user’s address book.
•	Photos: Allows the purchaser to monitor the photos on the user’s phone.
•	Videos: Allows the purchaser to monitor the videos on the user’s phone.
•	Appointments: Allows the purchaser to monitor the user’s calendar entries.CLSFCTN
Two individuals are in Federal custody -- Anyone with information concerning the whereabouts of (conspirator)  John Gordon Baden is asked to contact the FBI at telephone number (858) 320-1800 or submit a tip via the Internet at https://tips.fbi.gov
CRMStole over 40,000 identities by hacking into a mortgage company\'s server and then used the stolen identities to steal money from bank and brokerage accounts and purchase electronics.  Stolen funds and goods $10M
CLSFCTN
Criminals obtained unauthorized access, in the form of passwords, to approximately 5,921 e-mail accounts and received approximately $356,235.35 in fees from customers.CRMIndividuals operated and participated in an online business that would provide customers with other people\'s email account user names and passwords for a fee.
CLSFCTN
CRM
•	News url:  http://www.fbi.gov/baltimore/press-releases/2014/four-members-of-international-computer-hacking-ring-indicted-for-stealing-gaming-technology-apache-helicopter-training-software
•	News Title: Four Members of International Computer Hacking Ring Indicted for Stealing Gaming Technology, Apache Helicopter Training Software 
Two Plead Guilty to Computer Hacking and Intellectual Property Theft
•	Crime:  Individuals have been charged with hacking into computer networks of prominent companies and the Dept of Defense and stealing proprietary XBox gaming software and Apache Helicopter SW used to train Army pilots.  The charges in the indictment include conspiracies to commit computer fraud, copyright infringement, wire fraud, mail fraud, identity theft and theft of trade secrets. The defendants are also charged with individual counts of aggravated identity theft, unauthorized computer access, copyright infringement and wire fraud.  Specifically, the data cyber-theft allegedly included source code, technical specifications and related information for Microsoft’s then-unreleased Xbox One gaming console; intellectual property and proprietary data related to Xbox Live, Microsoft’s online multi-player gaming and media-delivery system; Apache helicopter simulator software developed by Zombie Studios for the U.S. Army; a pre-release version of Epic’s video game, “Gears of War 3;” and a pre-release version of Activision’s video game, “Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.” The defendants also allegedly conspired to use, share and sell the stolen information.
•	Crime Classification: 10080007
•	Investigation: No specifics were presented on the investigation.  Individuals hacked into the network of the companies involved and then stole/hacked the passwords of employees of the companies and the DOD to steal IP.
•	Notes:  The value of the IP and associated costs to the victims is $100-$200M
CLSFCTN
The value of the IP and associated costs to the victims is $100-$200M
CRMIndividuals have been charged with hacking into computer networks of prominent companies and the Dept of Defense and stealing proprietary XBox gaming software and Apache Helicopter SW used to train Army pilots.  The charges in the indictment include conspiracies to commit computer fraud, copyright infringement, wire fraud, mail fraud, identity theft and theft of trade secrets. The defendants are also charged with individual counts of aggravated identity theft, unauthorized computer access, copyright infringement and wire fraud.  Specifically, the data cyber-theft allegedly included source code, technical specifications and related information for Microsoft’s then-unreleased Xbox One gaming console; intellectual property and proprietary data related to Xbox Live, Microsoft’s online multi-player gaming and media-delivery system; Apache helicopter simulator software developed by Zombie Studios for the U.S. Army; a pre-release version of Epic’s video game, “Gears of War 3;” and a pre-release version of Activision’s video game, “Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.” The defendants also allegedly conspired to use, share and sell the stolen information.CLSFCTN
The criminal will be sentenced in June and faces a 5-20 year prison sentence and up to $250,000 fine.
CRMDistribution of Child Pornography
CLSFCTN
Bank fraud is a crime punishable by up to 30 years in prison and $1 million fine. Money laundering carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
CRMPleaded guilty to Bank Fraud and Money Laundering
CLSFCTN
The individual could be sentenced to no greater than 20 years in prison, three years of supervised release, a fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss, whichever is greater, and restitution. 
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to wire fraud.  The individual received stolen credit and debit card information and related card holder information over on-line forums set up specifically to steal this information. 
CLSFCTN
It is also alleged that Da Silva, the co-owner, President and a Director of 21 Celsius, Inc., a Canadian corporation that ran Marketbay.com, entered into an affiliate marketing arrangement with Nguyen that allowed him to generate revenue from his computer hacks. 
CRMIndividuals hacked into multiple large scale email service providers, stole mass quantities of email addresses and more importantly took over the email platforms of these LSE companies and leveraged the platform\'s use to send out bulk email to targeted email addresses and reap the profit.  The indictment alleges that Nguyen used various methods to gain unauthorized access into the ESPs’ computer databases. In some instances Nguyen allegedly directed e-mail phishing campaigns at employees of the ESPs, which are fraudulent e-mails designed to resemble e-mails from trustworthy persons or entities, but in fact are designed to trick the recipients into clicking a link on the e-mail. Nguyen’s phishing campaigns allegedly delivered malware, which allowed him backdoor access to the ESP employees’ computer systems and enabled him to steal sensitive information, including the employees’ access credentials for the ESPs’ computer systems. Using stolen access credentials, Nguyen was not only able to allegedly steal confidential information by downloading the information from the ESPs’ computer systems to a server that he controlled in the Netherlands, but was also able to utilize the ESPs’ computer systems to launch spam attacks on tens of millions of stolen e-mail addresses.
CLSFCTN
Mark Kandel has been charged with enticement of five minors via the Internet and a cellular device.
CRM*Sexual Solicitation/Obscene Communications with MinorsCLSFCTN
Six Romanian nationals and one Albanian national have been arrested for fraud. The defendants would falsely advertise vehicles, boats and other high-value items for sale. Buyers would unknowingly wire money into accounts set up by the defendants\' co-conspirators. The money would then be forwarded to the defendants.CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN
Christopher Rad has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit securities fraud. He worked with others to manipulate the price of stocks so they could be dumped for a profit. Paid spammers would infect and hijack computers to distribute spam that had been carefully worded by Rad to support his securities fraud efforts. Furthermore hackers were hacking into brokerage accounts to manipulate the stocks involved in the securities fraud by Rad.CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN
CRMComputer Fraud/Crime, identify theftCLSFCTN
(No Crime) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), James Comey, wrote this article.  Its purpose was to discuss the evolving issues with cyber security as techniques and capabilities of hackers and malicious groups increase.  He made statements how they are trying to improve communication with the private sector such that efficient two-way information can be passed, increasing the effectiveness of security procedures and actions.  He mentioned new tools that the bureau was providing to investigate software (such as BACSS) and the number of organizations they were working with (such as “the Domestic Security Alliance Council, InfraGard, and the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance”).CRMCLSFCTN
After his position was terminated a contractor for a Toyota Motor Manufacturing plant in Kentucky, Ibrahimshah Shahulhameed, used a company computer to maliciously damage software and computer systems.  Shortly after his termination, Shahulhameed logged in remotely from his residence using the computer and intentionally changed code and information in several Toyota computing systems, causing them to malfunction.  Shahulhameed even attempted to destroy evidence of his access.  Shahulhameed faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison.CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN
(No Crime) This article warns of the possible scams criminals use through online dating and social network sites.  It lists the common steps that are taken (such as sharing information, communicating, then asking for help with money).  It provides information for the Internet Crime Complaint Center for those who believe they are victims of such a scam, and finally common indicators of scam artists on dating websites.CRMCLSFCTN
Jason White, an art gallery owner, was arrested on charges of federal cyberstalking.  White allegedly stalked previous business contacts, posting personal and derogatory information onto websites he created in an effort to demand payment and extort them.  White allegedly emailed and texted demands and turned threatening when they were not meant.  In multiple cases, White even included the information of the victims’ children and threatened their safety as well.  His crime carries a potential sentence of five years in prison. CRMCyber-Stalking/Forum AbuseCLSFCTN
A New Jersey man was charged with three counts related to hacking (“conspiracy to transmit information to damage a protected computer, transmitting information to damage a protected computer, and attempted transmission of information to damage a protected computer”) after allegedly conspiring with a known hacker group.  The man, Matthew Keys, was previously employed by a news company owned by Tribune Media in Sacramento, CA.  After his termination, Keys allegedly provided login information to members of the hacker group Anonymous that allowed access to Tribune Media servers.  The Anonymous members were then able to modify the content of the Los Angeles Times online news site.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Cody Kretsinger, a member of the hacker group LulzSec (Lulz Security) was sentenced to time in federal prison for his involvement with a attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment.  Kretsinger and other members of the hacker group utilized an exploit in Sony Pictures’ servers using an SQL injection attack, allowing access to sensitive personal information of Sony customers (such as “names, addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses”).  Kretsinger and the group then distributed the data on the Internet.  Kretsinger was sentenced to one year and one day in prison, one year of home detention, 1,000 hours of community service, and must pay $605,663 in restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Raynaldo Rivera, a member of the hacker group LulzSec (Lulz Security) was sentenced to time in federal prison for his involvement with a attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment.  Rivera and other members of the hacker group utilized an exploit in Sony Pictures’ servers using an SQL injection attack, allowing access to sensitive personal information of more than 138,000 Sony customers (such as “names, addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses”).  Rivera and the group then distributed the data on the Internet.  Rivera was sentenced to one year and one day in prison, 13 months of home detention, 1,000 hours of community service, and must pay $605,663 in restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(Identity Theft, 10130002 – Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) Karen “Gary” Kazaryan was sentenced to 60 months in federal prison for computer hacking and identity theft.  Kazaryan hacked into “hundreds of online accounts” in order to extort and coerce women into providing him with naked images.  Kazaryan would search accounts for images and contacts that would become additional victims.  If victims did not provide the images, Kazaryan would post the images found on the account on the Internet.  During the sentencing, the judge labeled Kazaryan as a “cyber terrorist”.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
Donald Christopher Daily worked for an engineering company and demanded 75 percent of the $92,500 expected salary or else he would disclose allegedly damaging financial and other information about company business if not paid after he abruptly quit his job.  Employees found a computer in Daily’s former locked lab that was streaming live email of the company’s CEO.  In addition, the FBI arrested Daily and searched his residence. An analysis of his personal computer revealed he collected every employee’s personal information such as names and salaries.  Daily also confessed to hacking into a former girlfriend’s email and bank accounts from a company computer.  Daily could be sentenced to two years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for extortion and one year in prison for illegally accessing a computer.CRMExtortion, IntrusionCLSFCTN
Karen “Gary” Kazaryan was arrested in connection with illegally accessing women’s Facebook, Skype, and email accounts and extorting them into showing their naked bodies. Kazaryan hacked into the accounts, changed the passwords, searched for naked pictures and friends names.  He then would convince the friend’s to send naked pictures by posing as the women and convincing their friends to pose naked.  If the women did not comply for additional photos after discovering that they were not talking with their friend, he would post their naked pictures on Facebook.
Kazaryan victimized more than 350 women.  However, more than 3000 pictures were discovered on Kazaryan’s computer.  Kazaryan could face 105 years in federal prison.
CRMExtortionCLSFCTN
Lewis John Davies was sentence to between 66 to 78 months in prison, five years of probation for enticing a minor into having sex.  Davies will also be on the sex offenders list and be required to receive counseling.  Davies will also surrender the computer and materials he used for the crime.  The Crime was prosecuted under The Project Safe Childhood which combines federal, state, and local resources to capture and prosecute child sexual abusers.CRMChild AbuseCLSFCTN
Christopher Patrick Gunn was able to befriend girls then he would get them to talk about personal issues such as bra size, sexual history, and other intimate details.  Gunn would then threaten to expose the girl’s information and destroy their reputation if the girl’s did not send more revealing images and videos.  
Gunn would collect as much information as possible including the girl’s friends names, schools attended, and parent’s names.  Once Gunn obtained a photo the girl’s would comply with his demands in order to prevent their reputations from being ruined.  Gunn used two methods: the new kid ruse and the Justin Bieber ruse.  The new kid ruse consisted of posting a fake photo and stating he wanted to make new friend in town,  The Justin Bieber use consisted of Gunn pretending to be Bieber on interactive video chat services offering tickets or back stage passes in exchange for naked photos.

Gunn victimized girls in 6 states and Ireland.  The FBI got involved after several police departments reported the crimes.  Parents in Alabama were the first to tip off authorities.  Gunn received 35 years I prison.
CRMChild Abuse - PornographyCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were money laundering, computer virus, and non-delivery of merchandiseCRMIllegal BusinessCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were Banking Fraud, Computer Virus, and Account HackingCRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN
CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN
The other crime noted in this news item was obstructing justiceCRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
Check the appendices...there\'s some good shit in there.CRMIC3 officially partnered with the National White Collar Crimes Center (NW3C), the FBI, and the Bureau of Justice Assistance, Dept of Justice for the release of this report.   They have also become important enough and so widely established that the UK, Canada, and Germany have modeled their centers after IC3.  In this report, the IC3 continues to improve its customer relations front.  They clearly spent some time putting together a more comprehensive Executive Summary and have now included a step-by-step introduction to the IC3 and their processes.  I learned that there are three ways your report is used: it can become a public service announcement; it can be released to appropriate law enforcement personnel; or it can be rolled up into larger intel reports.  The gender gap between victims continued to shrink in 2012.  The age groups affected stayed largely the same.  The most populous states were again home to the most victims and the most perpetrators.  Auto-sale fraud became a big scam in 2012.  Perps would post attractive vehicle deals online and claim they need to sell them quickly for various reasons.  The difference this year is that the criminals would pose as dealers, thereby allowing them to post multiple vehicles at one time.  The hitman scheme also regained some ground this year.  This scam is where the victim would receive an email claiming they were the target of a hit.  The hitman would claim they could call off the hit if the victim would pay $XXX.  The spin the current criminals used would include gathering information on the victim from social media and using that as a way to act as if they were sent by someone close to them.  They would also act as if they were a part of a terrorist organization.  There were almost 300k complaints in 2012, totaling over $525m!  The average amount lost was near $4800 per incident on average.  My one complaint about this new format is that a lot of the deep information is relegated to later pages or left out completely.  I liked having all of the technical jargon and intense statistics, even if it wasn’t user friendly.CLSFCTN
Criminals produced and sold counterfeit music CDs and pirated movie DVDs. This was a violation of copyright laws.CRMNon-Auction - Delivery of Fake ProductCLSFCTN
Criminal hacked into restricted law enforcement databases to obtain personal information about people to be used for later fraud schemes.  The criminal was an auxiliary policeman who did not have access permissions to these databases.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Criminal obtained credit and debit cards (some stored value cards) to purchase merchandise which was shipped by confederates to addresses from which the merchandise was sold to consumers.CRMCredit/Debit Card FraudCLSFCTN
Criminals stole about one billion emails addresses and other information from U.S.  email service providers.  This information would be used in other schemes to make money.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Alexander Waterland pled guilty to consiparcy to commit Internet extortion. Waterland downloaded information of students and faculty with  the plan of utilizing said information in a Internet threat to the University of Pittsburgh.CRMCLSFCTN
Andrew Auernheimer was convicted of breaching AT&T\'s servers, stealing personal information from approximately 120,000 Apple iPad users, and releasing that information to a reporter. The scheme involved a brute force attack receiving information when the correct information was entered.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Anthony F. DeFilippo pled guilty to defrauding Walmart.com. DeFilippo would sell merchandise through his eBay account and then another participant would the fraudulenty purchase from Walmart.com. DeFilippo would also withdraw money from the eBay account.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMOn 4/17/07 Cristobal Fernando Gonzales, owner of a web hosting company, posted an online threat stating that he was going to kill 50 San Diego State University students.CLSFCTN
In November 2007, at a major address on cyber security at Penn State, FBI Director Mueller discussed the increasing risks on the Internet.  He described the “cyber blockade” of Estonia in April 2007 which shut down Estonian banks, emergency phone lines, gas stations, grocery stores, newspaper and television stations, and the prime minister’s office.  The Director also spoke about the increase in terrorist’s use of the web, in particular the al Qaeda webmaster who hacked computers, stole credit card accounts, and bought $3 million worth of equipment.  He also acknowledged the increase in the use of botnets to wreak havoc and hackers use of sophisticated techniques to steal sensitive info, scientific research, and communications data.CRMCLSFCTN
The FBI announced the second phase of Operation Bot Roast, which began in June 2007.  Two individuals who were previously charged plead guilty in court.  Three other individuals were sentenced.  CRMThe FBI and their partner’s investigations resulted in the indictment of three more individuals and uncovered a DOS attack against a major university in the Philadelphia area.  CLSFCTN
Swatting involves hackers breaking into phone systems and calling 9-1-1 to report fake emergencies to draw a response from law enforcement, usually SWAT teams.  This puts both the first responders and members of the community at risk.  

CRMA 19 year old Washington State man was recently charged by authorities in California with pretending to call from a home in California and report that he just murdered someone.  The local SWAT team responded to the call.

The FBI Field Office in Dallas prosecuted a case against five swatters from several states who were using online party chat lines.  The swatters accessed telecommunication company computers and stole personal details of victims.  They then manipulated computer and phone equipment to call 9-1-1 around the country and were even able to make it look like the calls originated in the victims homes. From 2002 – 2006 these five swatters called 9-1-1 in 60 cities nationwide, victimized more than 100 people, caused disruption for telecommunications providers and emergency responders resulting in up to $250,000 in losses.  This group was eventually tracked down by the cooperation of local, state, and federal authorities.  The case involved more than 40 state and local jurisdictions in about a dozen states.  The offenders plead guilty and were sentenced in 2008.
CLSFCTN
student stole various IDs to promote himself to student presidentCRMID theftCLSFCTN
blackmailer sent to jail for 35 years, attacker blackmailed victims for over 2 years until students voiced concerns CRMblackmail extortionCLSFCTN
international crimes require coordination with multiple different law enforcement agencies to be effectiveCRMchild PornCLSFCTN
over 1 million users were infected by this scheme and required multiple law enforcement agencies to coordinate to corner the attacker and originators of the malicious softwareCRMScarewareCLSFCTN
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Romanian man pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud.  Alexandru Stanciu and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Stanciu and his co-conspirators, they were provided to directly wire payments to bank accounts held by Stanciu or other members of his group after which no vehicle was ever provided to them.  Stanciu and his co-conspirators were identified as conducting these operations from late 2011 to mid 2013, obtaining approximately $321,389 in the process.  Stanciu could face sentences as high as 30 years in prison and a $1,000,000 fine. CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
The person convicted for the crime, Christopher Michael Sudlik, was determined to be part of the hacker group Anonymous. Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system, the group carried out a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the Angel Soft bathroom tissues site. Angel Soft’s parent company Koch Industries was determined to be the target of the attack and incurred revenue losses of several hundred thousand dollars during the three-day attack.  Sudlik was sentenced to 36 months probation and 60 hours of community service as well as ordered to pay $110,932.71 in restitution.CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN
This article goes over what couple possibly be described as the first “online bank robbery” or cyber crime regarding a financial institution.  In July of 1994, corporate customers at a major U.S. bank discovered large sums of money missing from their accounts.  After the FBI was notified, illegal transactions were discovered through careful monitoring and (after working with Russian authorities) the Russian criminals and hackers involved were discovered and arrested.  This case led to an increase in the FBI’s cyber security and digital crimes capabilities.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A Russian national, who was known to be one of the top developers for malicious software (“malware”), was arrested and pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud.  Aleksandr Andreevich Panin was the primary developer behind the malware software “SpyEye”, which infected target computers and allowed criminals to remotely access the computers information.  Through this access criminals were able to acquire financial information and accounts that they could then use to steal money.  Panin was also the primary distributor of SpyEye, and it is believed to infect more than 1.4 million computers.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
CRMIndividual was convicted of stalking and attempted extortion of art professionals and their families.  The individual created derogatory websites, posted derogatory messages about former associates and their families and sent threatening text and email messages.  The messages threatened physical injury to his former associates and family members unless they paid hundreds of thousands of dollars.CLSFCTN
The conspiracy to commit wire fraud count carries a maximum potential penalty of 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense. The conspiracy to commit fraud and related activity in connection with authentication features count carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense. A date for sentencing has not yet been determined.
CRMDefendant admitted to being the mastermind of an online retailer of fake payment cards and fake holographic overlays used to make fake drivers licenses.  Pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit fraud and related activities with authentication features.  The fakeplastic.net website was used by criminals across the country and owned and operated by the defendant.  CLSFCTN
 This case was investigated by the Las Cruces office of the FBI and the NMSU Police Department, and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Marisa A. Lizarraga of the U.S. Attorney’s Las Cruces Branch Office. th defendant faces a statutory maximum penalty of ten years in prison. 
CRMDefendant allegedly used the internet to make a threat or maliciously convey false information.  Specifically the defendant threatened to shoot up the New Mexico State college campus on an internet chat site.  18,900 students, faculty and citizens were advised and the college was closed.CLSFCTN
The charges carry a total maximum statutory penalty of 30 years in prison.
CRMDefendant charged with 3 charges of unauthorized computer access, and attempt to steal and export trade articles and trade secrets of the C-17, F-22 and F-35.CLSFCTN
•	Notes: Bogdan Boceanu, New Haven, CT, was found guilty in connection with an internet phishing scheme.  By sending our fake emails containing a fake link, posing as from a legitimate company or bank, Boceanu was to obtain the personal information of users.  The case was discovered when a Madison, CT resident contacted the FBI reporting suspicious email form People’s Bank.  The email instructed the victim to click on a link to unlock her account. After investigating, the email came from a compromised computer in Minnesota.  
A loose knit conspiracy from people in Craiova, Romania, and neighboring areas shared files, tools and stolen information obtained through phishing. The co-conspirator’s shared and used collector accounts which contained credit or debit card numbers, expiration, security codes, names, telephones, birthdays and social security numbers.  Companies targeted were Citibank, Capital One, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Comerica Bank, eBay, a others.

The investigation resulted in charged 19 individuals with various offenses such as bank fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud.  They face a maximum of 35 years in prison.
CRMPhishing, conspiracyCLSFCTN
Cyber crime members from New Zealand, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Peru, and the United States were linked with malicious software, or malware, which infected over 11 million systems and caused more then $850 million in losses via the Butterfly Botnet.  The Butterfly Botnet steals users’ bank account, credit card, and other personal information.
“Botnet” is a robot network made of compromised computer systems used to execute denial of service attacks, conduct underground criminal activity, send spam email, and malware distribution. Facebook identified the root cause, perpetrators, and accounts affected by the malware from October 2010 to October 2012.  The FBI received invaluable international cooperation, assistance, and response from the following partner organizations: Bosnia and Herzegovina’s Republika Srpska Ministry of Interior; Republic of Croatia, Ministry of Interior General Police Directorate, National Police Office for Suppression of Corruption and Organized Crime; New Zealand Police; Peruvian National Police; and the United Kingdom’s Serious Organized Crime Agency.
CRMPhishing, fraudCLSFCTN
Waya Nwaki, of Atlanta, was sentence to 75 months in prison after “phishing” and obtaining personal account information.  Nwaki, a/k/a “usaprince12k” plead guilty to four counts against him for participating in wire fraud, gaining unauthorized access to computers, and aggravated identity theft.  
Nwaki and company set up false internet e-commerce pages such as banks and payroll processors.  The victims visited the pages believing they were legitimate allowing their social security, user names and passwords, and mother’s maiden names to be stolen.  After Nwaki gained access to the accounts, he made unauthorized withdrawals. He also admitted to posing as company payroll officers when in contact with ADP in New Jersey.  The estimated loss was $1.3 million. Nwaki was sentenced also to three years of supervised release and ordered to pay $1,030,564 in restitution.
CRMPhishing, fraudCLSFCTN
David W. Tuytjens of Bridgewater, New Jersey was sentenced to 120 months in prison for possession of child pornography on his laptops and DVDs.  Tuytjens was on lifelong parole for sexual assault and during a regular visit to his home, New Jersey State Parole Board officers examined his computer.  Tuyjens admitted he had downloaded the child pornography from the internet and stored it on his computer and DVDs.  
Tuytjens was also sentenced to five years of supervised release, registration of a sex offender, computer monitoring and restricted contact with minors.  

The Special Agent in Charge, Michael B. Ward was credited with the investigation.
CRMPornographyCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI uncovers a telephone denial-of-service attack (DoS) that is a precursor to a crime that’s targeting consumer’s bank accounts. The investigation has found that criminals are using automated dialing programs/multiple accounts to overwhelm the phone lines then while the lines are tied up the masquerade as the victim and raid their bank, online trading or other money management account.  First the criminal uses social engineering tactics or malware to elicit personal information from the victim.  Next the criminal ties up various phone lines using technology. Then the criminal contacts the victim’s financial institution(s) or pilfers the victim’s online bank account(s) using a fraudulent transactions and when the financial institution(s) calls to verify the transactions the phone is tied up.  The criminal knowing this fact calls the financial institution(s) back to see why the transactions haven’t been completed finding they can’t be verified by phone and gives them another phone number (the criminal’s number).  The financial institution(s) calls the number and the transactions get processed.  By the time the financial institution(s) figure out what has happened the criminal has made off with the money!  The FBI had first learned of this emerging scheme through its private industry partners who told them of a Florida dentist that lost $400K from his retirement account after this DoS attach on his phone.  The FBI has teamed up with the Communication Fraud Control Association (security analysts, educators, and law enforcement from communication providers) to help fight these schemes.  The FBI gives the following advice;  take precautions and never give out personal information to an unsolicited phone caller or via e-mail, change online banking/automated telephone system password often, check your account balances often, be sure to protect your computers with current anti-virus software, if you believe you have been targeted by one of these schemes file a complaint on the FBI’s website at Internet Crime Complaint Center.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, mass marketing fraud (exploits mass communication techniques like bulk mail or telemarking) is on the rise due to the fact that criminal can now reach victims halfway around the world via the internet.  The FBI and its partners (e.g. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Secret Service, and U.S. Postal Inspection Service) are finding and prosecuting these criminals but realize an educated public needs to be part of the solution.  What consumers need to know is the Department of Justice blog and the FBI’s mass marketing fraud brochure have details on current scams and should be read on a regular basis.  Some of the current scams noted on these websites are 1) individuals outside the U.S. e-mail law firms for work, overpay retainer fees with a counterfeit check but ask that the remaining funds to be wired back overseas 2) online rental scammers forward a counterfeit check to a property owner for more than the amount of rent then ask for the difference to be wired back as well as duplicate posting from a legitimate online real estate site.  When contacted by the interested renters for these legitimate real estate properties they ask the interested party to send money and of course the victim finds out their money was never received by the legitimate online real estate site and 3) criminal send unsolicited fake e-mails from the FBI that ask for money or personal information.  The DoJ and FBI warn consumers about things like giving out personal information over the phone or by email, being pressured into buying something, being asked to pay by cash/money order/wire services, being told you have won a foreign lottery/sweepstakes, or being asked to help transfer funds out of a foreign country. CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, Gordon M. Snow, is named assistant director of the FBI’s Cyber Division.  He will be responsible for leading the FBI’s efforts to protect the U.S. against the highest criminal priorities:  cyber-based attacks and high-technology crimes.   Mr. Snow has a long investigative history (1992-present) and will be an asset to the FBI’s Cyber Division as his record demonstrates in the following bio.  His first assignment was to the Birmingham Division’s Huntsville Resident Agency. While there, he investigated violent crime, drug, civil rights, public corruption, and white-collar crime matters.  Next to the Critical Incident Response Group as a member of the Hostage Rescue Team where he took part in several sensitive rendition missions; conducted terrorism assessments overseas with the Department of State; and was assigned to assessment, protection, and investigative support missions after the bombing of the USS Cole in Aden, Yemen, and the embassy bombings in Nairobi, Kenya.  Then he spent some time at the Counterintelligence Division’s Middle East Unit and on to the Detroit Division, where he supervised the foreign counterintelligence program and served as the SWAT program coordinator. Next, he became the chief of the Weapons of Mass Destruction and Acquisition of U.S. Nuclear & Missile Technology Unit at FBI Headquarters and then was selected as the assistant special agent in charge of the San Francisco Division’s San Jose Resident Agency. There he had operational responsibility for the counterterrorism, cyber, white-collar crime, and several violent crime squads (San Jose members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force,  the High-Value Computer Crimes Task Force, the Silicon Valley Regional Computer Forensics Lab, and the Monterey Bay Resident Agency) and served as the SWAT program manager.  Later he was assigned to the Afghanistan theatre of operations as the FBI\'s on-scene commander for the Counterterrorism Division and came back to the U.S. as the section chief in the Cyber Division as well as being detailed to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and National Counterintelligence Executive. During his section chief in the Cyber Division assignment he and his staff drafted the government-wide Cyber Counterintelligence Plan under the Homeland Security Presidential Directive-23/National Security Presidential Directive-54 and the Comprehensive National Cyber Initiative.  Finally he was appointed as chief of the Cyber Division’s Cyber National Security Section, director of the National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force, and named deputy assistant director of the Cyber Division.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, The FBI summarizes the major complaints that topped the 2009 Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) list.  E-mail scams that used the FBI’s name to steal consumer’s money/personal information topped the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) list.  Over 336K complaints were received by the IC3 which was 16.6% of the 2009 complaints and was 22.3% higher than the 2008 figures for this type of complaint.  Other major complaints were non-delivered merchandise/non-payment (seller didn’t ship promised item/buyer didn’t pay for item) at 11.9%, advance fee fraud (victim asked to give money for goods/services but never received them) at 9.8%, Identity theft (someone stole/tried to steal a person’s identity or identity information) at 8.2%, and overpayment fraud (buyer sent a seller a counterfeit check/money order for amount greater than item and asked seller to deposit difference) at 7.3%.  During 2009 reported fraud and financial cases that were reported totaled over $559.7 million.  It’s important to file complaints even you don’t lose any money because all complaints are used to analyze trends, gather intelligence, and educate the public so if you feel you have been targeted be sure to submit a complaint to the IC3 website.  Some popular e-mail scams noted in the article are 1) a twist on a scam called the “hit-man” where a consumer receives an death threat e-mail but their life will be spared if sent money since the assassin knows someone in their family; 2) spam/pop-ups for astrological readings but only after consumer provides personal information and of course consumer never receives reading and has given criminal personal information; 3) economic stimulus scams where consumers receives a recorded phone message telling them to go to a website to apply for government stimulus but first pays a fee and enters personal information and of course never receives the stimulus money; and 4) fake pop-up indicating you have a computer virus and direct you to a website to buy software but actually download malicious code when you click the link.CRMCLSFCTN
Matthew Weaver of Huntington Beach was sentenced after pleading guilty to wire fraud, unauthorized access to a computer, and identity theft.  Weaver hacked into computers stealing identities and password of over 700 students at Cal State San Marcos.  Weaver was sentenced to one year in prison.
Weaver hacked into the accounts in order to influence campus elections and win the class presidency.  He used keyloggers to hack into accounts stealing 745 passwords enabling him to cast 630 votes for himself and friends on the ballot.  Weaver claimed he was innocent and blamed other students for the incident. Prosecutors were astounded by the behavior.  Weaver was exposed during the final hour of the election when network administrators saw unusual activity on a computer names Academic Hall 204.   Administrators were able to identify Weaver after he cut and pasted user names and passwords into the VOTE account.  Administrators dispatched police, who entered the lab and discovering Weaver on the computer whose monitor was the only one not facing the rest of the room. Weaver claimed he was working on a project for school as he began shutting down the computer. The police confiscated his bag discovering 6 keyloggers.

Weaver faces up to 30 years in jail and $750,000 fine.
CRMWire Fraud, Unauthorized Access to a Computer, and Identity TheftCLSFCTN
Cyrus Andres Sullivan was sentence to 24 months in federal prison for posting malicious and derogatory information about people on one of his websites.  Sullivan created an additional website and informed the victims they could pay money to have the information removed.  
One victim decided to fight back by discovering publically available information about Sullivan and posting it on-line.  Sullivan demanded she pay $30,000 and when she refused he threatened to kill her. Sullivan was arrested by the Portland Police Bureau.  Sullivan has prior offence consisting of criminal mischief in the second-degree, assaulting a public safety officer, harassment, and recklessly endangering other persons.  His current sentence was turned over to the feds and he was also convicted of obstruction of justice. Sullivan will 3 years supervised release including counseling and restricted access to computers.
CRMThreatening CommunicationCLSFCTN
Russian citizen, Aleksandr Kalinin, aka “tempo”, was charged with hacking NASDAQ Stock Market servers.  Kalinin and a coconspirator were charged with an international scheme to steal bank account information and subsequently using the information to withdraw millions of dollars from victim’s bank accounts.  US Attorney stated cyber criminals are determined to victimize individuals as well as financial systems.  Kalinin infiltrated NASDAQ servers resulting in manipulation and theft of sensitive data.  Kalinin stole hundreds of thousands of bank account numbers, PINs by installing malicious software (malware) on NASDAQ servers to accomplish the theft.  Kalinin is charged with one count of computer hacking in connection with the NASDAQ hack, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison. In connection with the scheme to steal bank account information, KALININ is charged with one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison; four counts of bank fraud, each of which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison; one count of conspiracy to commit access device fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of seven and a half years in prison; one count of aggravated identity theft, which carries a mandatory sentence of two years in prison; and one count of conspiracy to commit computer intrusion, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.  NASDAQ, Citibank and PNC Bank cooperated with investigators.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A retail brokerage account was the focal point of a Russian citizen living in New York. Pert Murmylyuk pled guilty of committing securities fraud.  Murmylyuk stole form online trading accounts at brokerage firms including E*Trade, Schwab, and other securities firms. The individual would steal information from victims then use that information to open “profit accounts” in other brokerage houses.  He would then cause the real account to make unprofitable and illogical trades resulting in gains in the profit accounts.  The total losses were approximately $1 million.  Murmylyuk faces five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.CRMHacking, FraudCLSFCTN
California man is guilty of operation a website to facilitate prostitution.  Website is considered a facility of interstate commerce.  Website known as myRedBook.com hosted searchable advertisements posted by prostitutes.  Website collected fees from prostitutes and customers for enhanced features.CRMProstitutionCLSFCTN
Two men operating an Internet scam involving an online auction site were charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud.  The operated an Internet scam which, through various eBay user names and aliases, offered luxury items, including BMWs and Rolex watches, for sale on the Internet auction site. They did not possess or did not intend to deliver the goods offered for sale.  Victims were told to wire payments to the criminals’ bank accounts.CRMAuction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN
Over 400 The Onion Router (Tor) hidden service .onion addresses, including “dark market” websites are black markets that were offering illegal goods and services for sale.  The Tor network is a network of computers on the Internet designed to conceal the locations and names of users.  Illegal goods include drugs, guns, fake identification documents, counterfeit money, stolen credit cards, etc.CRMTrafficking in Illegal GoodsCLSFCTN
The two men operated an Internet website to frighten Jewish leaders by encouraging Muslims to support Osama bin Laden, Anwar Al Awlaki, al Qaida, the Taliban, and others supporting violent jihad.  One of them posted to the website an inflammatory video and to seek out Jewish Federation chapters leadrs in the U.S. and “deal with them directly at their homes.”  Information was also provided on locations of these leaders and instructions for making bombs.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN
Russell Freed was sentenced for violating child exploitation laws. Freed would have the 15-year old victims produces sexually explicit images of themselves and then send them to him. He would then use those images to coerce additional images. When the victim would not comply, he would distribute the photos he already possessed.CRMCLSFCTN
Nelson Burtnick pled guilty to accepting payments in relation to unlawful Internet gambling. Since accepting payments was against the law, companies turned to payment processors who would disguise the payments and deceive banks into processing poker transactions.CRM63CLSFCTN
Jamie Lynn Erwin and Shadwonna Marie Bausily participatig in a credit card skimming operation. Bausily used a credit card skimmer to steal credit card information from customers of the Amarillo Tex\'s Steakhouse and Saloon in Alton, Illinois. Bausily recruited Erwin to help in the scheme.CRM12CLSFCTN
James S. Allen has been charged with cyberstalking and other crimes. Allen would attempt to obtain pornographic pictures of minors and then assert that he found naked pictures of them on the Internet. The site the victims were directed to was a “phishing” website. Allen would commandeer victim\'s e-mail accounts and threaten that if they did not partake in a Skype call with sexual conduct, the naked photos would be distributed.CRM70CLSFCTN
Skylar Iam Feurstein pled guilty to accessing a protected computer. Feurstein communicated with a young woman living in London. When she attempted to end the communication, Feurstein threatened her and her family. When the defendant would not stop upon authorities\' requests and then attempted to hack into the victim\'s account, he was arrested.CRMCLSFCTN
FBI and USCERT officials seized the servers and domains of the botnet masters to help mitigate and disrupt the command control of the botnet.  Zeus utilized peer to peer communication to distrubute its command and control network.  CRMSpywareCLSFCTN
Blackshades is a mainly a remote access tool based trojan, which infects the system.  The software could be purchased for ~$40 USD and was often connected with \"\"carding\"\" criminal offense.  Which dealt in the buying and selling of credit card information used to create fraudulent transactions.  The blackshades malware is also capable of randsomware, keylogging and DDoS attacks.\"CRMspywareCLSFCTN
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A Russian national, who was known to be one of the top developers for malicious software (“malware”), was arrested and pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud. Aleksandr Andreevich Panin was the primary developer behind the malware software “SpyEye”, which infected target computers and allowed criminals to remotely access the computers information. Through this access criminals were able to acquire financial information and accounts that they could then use to steal money.  Panin was also the primary distributor of SpyEye, and it is believed to infect more than 1.4 million computers.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
be weary of job postings that do not seem legetimate or suspicious.  These postings could be used to steal more personal information from you.  Additionally, do not send any personally identifable information over the web to these job postings.  Insist on doing these transactions in person.\"CRMID TheftCLSFCTN
The attacker than phones the victim\'s financial institution and pilfers their accounts and the institutions are unable to contact the victim due to the DOS,attacks targeted a wide variety of  lower security systems to gain access and defraud victims instead of going against better secured corporate networks.  A global network of law enforcement officials worked together to take down the hacking group that created the ZEUS botnet software.  money was often laundered by overseas money mules which created bank accounts to funnel the money through,
CRMPayment FraudCLSFCTN
(Computer Fraud/Crime, 0) Five U.S. citizens and 6 internationals were charged with various offenses of computer fraud/hacking in courts in the U.S., Romania, India, and China.  In the U.S., two operators of an e-mail hacking site that charged for the service of providing passwords for accounts each face a possible five years in prison for affecting almost 6,000 email accounts.  The other three U.S. citizens were charged with misdemeanor offenses for paying websites to obtain passwords for e-mail accounts.  The international charges in Romania, India, and China by the respective countries’ investigation/security bureaus were for offenses related to hosting and operating websites offering account hacking services.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
(No Crime) This article is provided as a public service announcement (PSA) regarding a targeted phishing scam in Oklahoma.  Utility customers have been receiving fraudulent phone calls and emails indicating that they are past due with payments and to provide credit and/or bank account information to continue service.CRMCLSFCTN
(Interstate Stalking) After spending two years communicating with someone who he thought was a woman, Michigan resident Brian Curtis Hile discovered that the person he was talking to was actually a man from South Africa using a woman’s photos from a leaked account to conduct a catfish scheme. Enraged since he traded explicit images and private information with the man, Hile began investigating whom the images belonged to. Using public information on the Internet, chat rooms, and eventually hacking into the woman’s account, Hile traveled to the woman’s residence to kill both her and her boyfriend. Arrested just miles from the woman’s residence with detailed information and supplies to carry out the murders, Hile was subsequently charged with interstate stalking and sentenced to five years in federal prison.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
This investigation, which resulted in criminal charges against 19 Romanian citizens, was conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in New Haven, Conn.  U.S. Attorney Daly acknowledged the critical assistance provided by the U.S. Department of Justice Office of International Affairs, the FBI Legal Attaché in Bucharest, Interpol, the Romanian National Police and the United States Marshals Service.CRMConvicted of an internet phishing schemeCLSFCTN
If convicted of the offense charged in the information, a violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 1030(a)(5)(A) and (c)(4)(B), the defendant would face a maximum sentence of 10 years, and a fine of $250,000, plus restitution. CRM Individual hacked into the helpdesk (Zendesk) for Twitter and disabled security settings that allowed the hackers to view and download over 1 million helpdesk tickets for Twitter.  He used the information to compromise and deface Twitter accounts of 2 companies.CLSFCTN
CRMCriminals accused of using fake emails with email addresses that are very similar to the correct email addresses of targeted companies.  The emails targeted company executives pretending to be other company owners or executives and directing the CFO to wire money to fake accounts.CLSFCTN
naCRMMan was arrested for using the mail and internet to facilitate prostitution and money laundering.  The sites have been taken down and were confiscated by the FBI.CLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI informs the public about their InfraGard Initative, FBI collaborates with representatives from the private and public sectors to help protect our nation’s critical infrastructure and key resources from attacks (e.g. computer intrusions, physical security breaches), and describes how the information its members (85 chapters and more than 35,000 state, local, and tribal law enforcement, academia, other government agencies, communities, and private industry members nationwide) provide helps investigations, organizations involved, and the larger community.  Its initial focus was on cybercrime (e.g. cyber intrusions, crime trends) which was later expanded to include terrorism, intelligence, criminal, and security matters. This partnership is smart in that most of the U.S. infrastructure components (e.g. utility, transportation, telecommunication, water and food supplies, public health, and financial services) are privately owned/operated. A few examples were 1) information about a financial institution victimized by an online banking fraud in which large amounts of money were moved in/out of the company’s accounts, 2) an intrusion into a computer system that resulted in defacement of some state agency websites, and 3) a U.S. business was hit with a SQL injection attack that inserted code into its website allowing the criminals to get access to their customer credit card/order databases.  Chapter level meetings are held to discuss threats, best practices, lessons learned, and other matters that impact their companies, agencies, communities etc… The FBI participates in these meetings and servers as the InfraGard coordinator.  These members also have access to an FBI secure communications network that has things like an encrypted website with web mail, listservs, and message boards.  This communication network aids in the dissemination of FBI threat alerts/advisories and to send out intelligence products.  The FBI has been able to open hundreds of cases and receive investigative assistance on over 1000 case from valuable information provided from members of InfraGard in the last couple of years.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, FBI Director discusses cyber threats and how the FBI is working with its partners around the world to tackle them at the annua RSA computer security conference in San Francisco.  He notes that there are criminals out there collecting information about business and its employees to create realistic e-mails that employees open giving the criminal a backdoor into the companies networks and view of its daily operations.  Other criminals are executing denial-of-service (DoS) attacks that have defaced the U.S. Congress website and even the president’s current State of the Union address.  Other intelligence indicates there is also a rise in extremist websites that are recruiting and inciting violence and these terrorists are combining physical with cyber-attacks.  He goes on to discuss how the FBIs cyber capabilities and range of partnerships are growing and maturing to keep up with the threats. There are now cyber squads in all FBI U.S. and overseas field offices, agents imbedded in overseas police forces, mobile cyber action teams, a National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force and they all share intelligence.  One example of how these successful partnerships work was the case of when the FBI shared information about an emerging/potentially far-reaching cyber vulnerability involving automated banking transactions.  Once the information was shared and discussed a joint intelligence bulletin was developed which spelled out the nature of the threat and how to tighten up security.  This bulletin was sent to over 4,000 organizations and the impacted companies took appropriate steps to mitigate the threat.CRMCLSFCTN
Another crime noted in the news item was sexually exploiting a minor CRMChild pornographyCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI talks about the importance of victims of crimes submitting complaints to the Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) and warns consumers about holiday scams.  The video discusses how the IC3 uses the complaint data (e.g. auction fraud to international threats targeting U.S. infrastructure) to find patterns and trends and sends investigative leads to law enforcement agencies which are then able to catch scammers.   Consumers need to understand that it’s their complaint data that helps capture criminals so they should always report crimes to the IC3 even if no money is lost.  Finally the FBI reminds consumers about things like making sure to have up-to-date virus signatures, having a firewall monitoring connections between computers, and being aware of current threats (e.g. Bogus online classified ads/auctions, phony gift cards and websites, and phishing).CRMCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were account hacking and counterfeiting/forgeryCRMCredit/Debit Card FraudCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were conspiracy to commit bank fraud, computer fraud, money laundering, and aggravated identity theftCRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI warns consumers about the rental home scam.  The most recent scam surfaced in Nigeria when a rental home was advertised on Craigslist for a low rate.  The ad asks for the future tenant to wire the absentee landlord two month rent and the tenant arrives on the agree-upon date to move into the home and alas the home isn’t really for rent and the landlord isn’t really the owner.  This Nigerian scam has become so ramped that it’s been dubbed the 419 scheme named after the Nigerian penal code section under which this kind of fraud is prosecuted since the early 1980s.  This scam is also prevalent in South Carolina (e.g. Charleston, Columbia, and Hilton Head), Rhode Island, Illinois, Colorado, California etc. The FBI has found that the criminals search websites for homes for sale/rent and post all the pertinent information in a housing rental Craigslist ad with their e-mail address and a very low sale/rental price. When the interested party contacts the criminal they would explain that they had to leave the country suddenly so could they please wire transfer the deposit money (first and last month’s rent) to their overseas location and also may have to fill out a credit application (supplying personal information) that was used to commit identity fraud and steal event more money.  They also provide tips for avoiding being a victim like deal only with local landlords, don’t transfer money via a wire transfer service, beware of foreign speaking landlords, research rental rates and be suspicious if the rent is significantly lower, don’t give out personal information on-line, and if you suspect a scam or have been victimized report it to the Internet Crime Complaint Center website at http://www.ic3.gov/default.aspx.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI talks about the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) report on online auction (e.g. computer, sports memorabilia, rare coins, designer fashion, and cars) scams.  The latest report indicates that about one in four of the 70,000 complaints last year were about online auction scams.  There is a variety of ones out there but the common ones are overpayment fraud, wire transfer schemes, and second-chance schemes.  In overpayment fraud the seller advertises a high ticket item, the criminal sends a counterfeit check/money order for more than the purchase prices and asks the seller to return the difference to the purchaser.  In a wire transfer scheme a high price item is posted on a well-known auction site and when the buyer attempts to buy the item they are asked to wire money to the criminal and the buyer never receives the item.  With a second-chance scheme the criminal offers losing bidders an opportunity to buy the item they wanted at a reduced price but they are also asked to wire transfer money and never see the item.  The IC3 reports the top 10 for 2008 as Non-delivery (32.9%), Auction Fraud (25.5%), Credit/Debit Card Fraud (9%), Confidence Fraud (7.9%), Computer Fraud (6.2%), Check Fraud (5.4%), Nigerian Letter Fraud (2.8%), Identity Theft (2.5%), Financial Institutions Fraud 2.2%), and Threat (1.9%).  Usually its individuals that are behind these types of scams but there are cases where criminal enterprises (e.g. West Africa fond of overpayment scams and Romanian crime groups favor second-chance schemes) that are the criminals.  To overcome this type of crime the FBI has investigators that works with other state agencies.  Things you can do to avoid being a victim of auction fraud are to ask for and verify the seller’s phone number, beware of buyers who only want payment via wire transfers, ask for exact payment and accept no overpayments, don’t give out personal information (e.g. social security and/or driver’s license numbers), and beware of a price that’s too good to be true.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI reports on the 2009 RSA Conference.  This annual conference brings cyber security pros from every industry across the world together to share the latest technologies and best practices on complex issues like botnets, cryptography, cyber warfare, hacking, cloud computing, data privacy, and insider /critical infrastructure threats.  The FBI was there to not only absorb knowledge but build already deep partnerships with their foreign/domestic colleagues in private industry and government. Shawn Henry spoke at the conference on the Conficker worm, the overall seriousness of cyber threats and the FBI’s commitment to being the leader in investigating and prosecuting cyber-attacks.  Some of the ways the FBI commits is to continue to work through channels such as InfraGard and its 30,000 members to exchange threat information domestic and overseas, sharing intelligence in response to threats to a particular sector even if it may impact their investigations, working with CEOs and other business executives to make sure they understand threats and how to allocate resources and enact policies to protect their networks, and working with the Department of Homeland Security etc. to defend critical infrastructure.  They rely on report incidents as well as the support/advice they gain from businesses, academia, and government like what they get from attending this conference.  The RSA honored Agent J. Keith Mularski for his two-year undercover investigation into a massive online credit card trading forum called “Dark Market” which lead to 60 arrests worldwide and prevented about $70 million in potential economic losses.  The Dark Market website was used to sell just about any sort of stolen financial information as well as the hardware/software used to manufacture fake cards/documents.  He was able to infiltrate the group by claiming to have spamming and hosting experience which became useful to the group when it was attacked by rival forums.  He even got them to move the site to his own servers (FBI servers) where major intelligence was collected taking the operation down. CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI talks about how Spear Phishing works and how to avoid becoming a spear phishing victim.  Criminals target select groups (e.g. customers of a telecommunication firm, employees the same financial institution, students from the same college etc.) but must first find out information about these groups and do this by hacking into the organization’s network or combing through other websites, blogs, and social networking sites.  Then they send out official looking deceptive e-mails to these select groups expressing some made-up company problem that needs to be solved by going to a bogus company website and having the customers providing personal information, passwords, account numbers, user IDs, access codes PINs etc…  Once you have done this the criminals can now access your bank account, use your credit cards, and create a whole new identity using your information.  Not only can Spear phishing trick you into giving up your personal information it can also trick you into downloading malicious codes or malware that can hijack your computer, organize hijacked computers into networks of botnets that can steal sensitive information and cause denial of service attacks.  Some of the ways to avoid becoming a victim are to be aware that companies don’t usually request personal information via e-mail, make sure to use a phishing filter, never follow a link to a secure site from an e-mail rather enter it manually and don’t be fooled by the latest scams.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the 2008 Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) offers a snapshot of the most frequent Internet crimes, where they are occurring, and who is being victimized.  This year the report identifies a rise in Internet scams.  According to the report more than $264 million was lost and 275,284 complaints were processed for non-delivery of merchandise purchased online and auction fraud accounted for one out of four complaints.  Also noted in the report were the states where half of the perpetrators were (e.g.  California, New York, Florida, Texas, and the District of Columbia) identified and worldwide perpetrators were usually from the U.S. (66.1%), UK (10.5%, Nigeria (7.5%), and Canada 3.1%).  The scams topping the 2008 list were Non-delivery of merchandise/payment: $800 (32.9 percent), Auction fraud: $610 (25.5 percent), Credit/debit card fraud: $223 (9 percent), Confidence fraud: $2,000 (7.9 percent), Computer fraud: $1,000 (6.2 percent), Check fraud: $3,000 (5.4 percent), and Nigerian letter fraud: $1,650 (2.8 percent). CRMAuction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN
In this news item, the Supervisory Special Agent Charles Pavelities and Assistant Director Shawn Henry talk about the how the FBI tracks the web of criminals.  The FBI Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), a partnership with the nonprofit National White Collar Crime Center, plays a major role in helping the FBI track criminal activities and holds more than 1.3 million complaints.  Agents/analysts are able to sift through the more than 20,000 daily complaints, find patterns and trends than send investigative leads to law enforcement agencies and FBI field offices.  These law enforcement agencies and FBI offices are then able to go after the criminals/scammers.  Anyone who has been victim of an internet crime (e.g. auction fraud to international threats targeting the U.S. infrastructure) can file a complaint on the IC3 website and the FBI emphasizes the importance of understanding threats (e.g. foreigners an organized crime groups looking to target the U.S. financial infrastructure) from cyber-attacks and encourages the public to file complaints so the data can be used to find the criminals.  As always they warn consumers to keep your virus definitions up-to-date, use a firewall to monitor connections between computers, don’t click on links or open attachments in unsolicited e-mail, and guard your personal information.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMA worldwide child pornography ring trading in 400,000 images and videos was discovered by Australian Law Enforcement.  The group used encryption and a multilayered vetting process for new members to protect themselves.  The ring was run like a business from the top down with members having different roles.CLSFCTN
Cyber attacks are borderless crimes that require international cooperation to combat them.  The global law enforcement community has been steadily building partnerships through joint investigations, collaborations, and task forces.  A recent initiative involved the countries of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK, and US who formed the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group.CRMCLSFCTN
The top internet crimes of 2007 include:
•	Pet Scams - You are buying a pet online and you pay f but never receive the pet.  You are selling a pet and you receive a check for a pet for more than the asking amount.  You are asked to send the overage to a third party, which you do, only to find out that the check you were sent is no good.  
•	Secret Shoppers - You are hired to rate your shopping experience.  You are paid via check and asked to send a percentage to a third party, which you do.  However, the original check was bad so you are out the money.
•	Adoption/charity Fraud – Scammers use legitimate charities to solicit donations.  However, the charities never receive the donations and the scammers keep the money.
•	Romance Fraud – A person starts a romantic relationship on the Internet with someone far away.  The scammer needs money to cover expenses to travel to meet the person.  This only escalates to the scammer asking for more money for various reasons.
Total complaints for Internet crime were down in 2007 to 206,884 submissions but the total losses were nearly $240 million, the highest ever.
CRMCLSFCTN
The elderly are an attractive target for con artists for many reasons including:
•	They have a nest egg
•	They are less likely to report fraud because they do not know where to go or are embarrassed
•	They have difficulty remembering details when reporting the crime
•	Con-artists use products/services that appeal to senior citizens
Scams they are using to target senior citizens include:
•	Identity theft
•	Health insurance fraud
•	Home repair fraud
•	Foreign lottery fraud
•	Credit card and investment fraud
•	Charity schemes
Senior citizens who believe they are a victim of fraud should call their local law enforcement agency.
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMA German college student created Sasser, a set of malicious codes that infected millions of computers and caused them to spontaneously reboot in the spring of 2004.  The exploit took advantage of a vulnerability in computer operating systems.  A computer could be infected by simply being turned on.CLSFCTN
The FBI, US Postal Inspection Service, and Monster Worldwide launched a new website called LooksTooGoodToBeTrue.com.  The purpose of this site is to educate the public on internet schemes and be a central repository for consumer complaints.  The site also offers an interactive online fraud risk test and provides prevention tips, details on current cyber scams, consumer alerts, victim stories, and to allow people to share their own stories.CRMCLSFCTN
The FBI is warning of another series of emails being sent out with false FBI email addresses.  The emails state that the FBI has been monitoring your internet activity and you have accessed illegal sites.  They demand you answer a series of questions that are contained in an attachment.  If the user opens the attachment, they are infected with a variant of the w32/sober virus.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were sexual exploitation of children and running online pornography bulletin boardsCRMPornography/Obscene MaterialCLSFCTN
In this news item, Shawn Henry, head of the FBI’s Cyber Division, speaks to the approximate 400 worldwide International Cyber Security Conference participants on the subject of the FBI’s 24/7 cyber network operation.  He explains that criminals are getting more sophisticated, have become so organized/businesslike (e.g. use online forums to advertise illegal wares, buy and sell computer viruses, traffic in stolen identities) and the internet is increasing being exploited by terrorists/spies and it’s happening across the globe.  Because of this the FBI needs to find global solutions to these emerging cyber threats so they sponsor this conference where cyber experts and their international counterparts from law enforcement, industry, government, and academia can get together and come up with ideas to combat these issues as well as forge long-lasting relationships.  From these cooperative efforts has come today’s international 24/7 network of cyber investigators.  It was established back in 1997 starting with the G8 nations but since then has grown to now 55 countries.  Each has the ability to move at a moment’s notice and can zero in on and capture a criminals electronic movements. Hypothetically a criminal could hack into a Mexico City bank, the Mexican investigators could trace the computer to an attack used in New York City and notify the FBI who in turn discover the computer was linked to computer in South Korea and alert those authorities.  The Korean authorities in turn discover the attack originated in Bangkok and Thai agents make the arrest.  As you can see from this hypothetical example the network turns the investigative process into hours/days verses weeks/months.  For this network to truly work they not only the cooperation of other nations/countries but also consistent laws for cyber-crimes.CRMCLSFCTN
In this new item, Shawn Henry, Director of the FBI’s Cyber Division, shares his thoughts on cyber threats.  Criminals are taking a aggressive interest in stealing secrets and will pool their talents to launch attacks to do just that he says.  The FBI now partners with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and declared October 2008 its fifth annual National Cyber Security Awareness Month to educate the public on sharing the responsibility to protect cyberspace.  To do this each of us must protect ourselves and home/office systems by taking these steps: 1) Change our security passwords regularly, have a firewall in place on our computers, get the latest anti-virus software, and install current security patches for our computer’s operating system;  2) Receive National Cyber Alert System tips by signing up at https://www.us-cert.gov/mailing-lists-and-feeds;  3) Receive e-scams at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/e-scams and test your cyber fraud awareness at http://www.lookstoogoodtobetrue.com/tests.aspx; 4) Read advice on keeping children safe from travelers at http://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/2005/december/travelers_advisory121205 and potential predators on social media sites at http://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/2006/april/ccctf_interview042806;       5) Cyber security professionals/interested citizens should join local InfraGard chapters via http://www.infragard.net/; 6) Visit the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team (US-CERT) website at https://www.us-cert.gov/ to get information on cyber security; 7) Visit the FBI’s cyber website at http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/cyber to learn about the FBIs cyber programs; 8) Visit the DHS website at http://www.dhs.gov/; 9) Visit the Secret Service’s website at http://www.secretservice.gov/ectf.shtml; and 10) Visit the Cyber Crime Center of Immigration and Customers Enforcement website at http://www.ice.gov/about/overview/.CRMCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were identity theft, counterfeiting/forgery and its assumed that some form of hacking was used to get the stolen financial information but it was not discussed in this news itemCRMIllegal BusinessCLSFCTN
In this news item, Shawn Henry, head of the FBI’s Cyber division, discuss how the FBI plans to address todays major rising cyber threats.  There are thousands of open cyber-crime cases where thieves/spies/scammers/organized crime groups/terrorists are pooling their expertise and carrying out coordinated cyber-attacks (e.g. deny access, compromise sensitive information, introduce botnets that spread viruses and covertly co-opt computers to carry out data theft) on the U.S. government and business networks which is not only impacting the economy but also threaten our national security.  To combat these threats the FBI’s Cyber Division has devised a threefold strategic plan called the 3 Ps (Prioritize, Proactive, Partnerships).  They prioritize the cases and go after the ones that are the most critical threats.  They are proactive by using successful time-tested investigative techniques (e.g. use of informants, electronic surveillance, and placement of undercover agents in criminal operations).  And for the third “P” they partner with law enforcement agencies around the world (e.g. Great Britain, Canada, Russia, Romania, and Turkey) to share resources, best practices and techniques.  Another partnership they have is between the FBI and the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  The IC3, established in 2000, has received more than one million complaints that can be used to find patterns/trends and investigative leads.CRMCLSFCTN
Another crime noted in this news item was possession of child pornographyCRMChild ProstitutionCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were counterfeiting/forgery, credit card fraud its assumed that some form of hacking was used to get the stolen financial/personal information but it was not discussed in this news itemCRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI provides the public with some valuable Wi-Fi security advice.  The first tip is to beware of connecting to unsecure Wi-Fi hot spots.  These 68,000 U.S. Wi-Fi hot spots (e.g. located at airports, coffee shops, hotels, bookstores, schools etc.) may or may not have secure networks and if you connect to one with an unsecure network (e.g. bogus Wi-Fi network hot spot is set up to look like a legitimate hot spot site) you leave yourself vulnerable to attacks (once connected to the bogus hot spot all your sensitive information belongs to the hacker, they can direct you to phone webpages, make you download viruses/worms/malware, and record your keystrokes, etc.) from hackers.   Other reasons to beware of using these unsecure hot-spots is that businesses don’t typically don’t know their networks have been breached, individuals usually find out too late that they have become a victim, the FBI has no reliable stats on the number of breaches and its very tough to trace a hack that originates on one of the open unsecure networks.  There are things you can do to decrease the threat like make sure your laptop security is up to date (e.g. operating system, web browser, firewalls, antivirus, anti-spyware), don’t conduct financial transactions or use e-mail/instant messaging while connected to a unsecure hot-spots, change your default setting so you manually select the Wi-Fi network you are connecting to, turn off your Wi-Fi capability when not in use, and visit the FBI’s How to Protect Your Computer webpage at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/computer_protect for more information on protecting your computer.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI discusses scams that are currently hitting our Senior citizens (78 million baby boomers, born 1946-1964, now the largest segment of our population) and identifies some tips to avoid becoming a victim.  What makes seniors a target?  Well it’s because many of them have a nest egg, they are less likely to report a fraud because they don’t know where to go or are too embarrassed to talk about the incident, it may be hard for them to remember the crime details, and many of the products/services appeal to these individuals (e.g. anti-aging cream, health care services, and investments).  Some of the  scams that criminals are targeting the elderly with are identity theft (accomplished by dumpster diving, phishing, address changes and old fashioned theft), health insurance fraud (medical equipment, rolling lab schemes, Medicare fraud, counterfeit prescription drugs), home repair schemes, foreign lotter/sweepstakes fraud, advanced fee/credit card frauds, investment fraud, charity and recovery schemes (money has been recovered by law enforcement but you have to pay a fee to get it back).  Tips to avoid being victimized by these scams is the shred your credit card receipts and old bank statements, close unused credit/bank accounts, don’t give out personal information over the phone/e-mail/internet unless you have initiated the contact, never respond to an offer you don’t understand, always talk over investments with trusted friends/family members/financial advisor first, always require that plans and purchase be in writing, don’t pay in advance for services, and if you personally have been victimized by fraud call the local/state authorities because the FBI only gets involved where there is a huge dollar loss or if there is evidence of an international crime ring.  Anyone can report online fraud to the FBI via the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) website at http://www.ic3.gov/ and senior citizens can refer to the common frauds webpage for seniors at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/fraud/seniors.  Other crimes noted in this news item were selling bogus credit card protection plans and defrauding financial planning/estate clients.CRMInvestment FraudCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI discuss the top internet scams (pet scam, secret shoppers, and fund transfer scams and adoption/charity, and romance frauds) from the 2007 Internet Crime Report issued by the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  The way the pet scams works is you see an ad online where a pet is being sold and you send in your money with extra for delivery but you never get the pet or your selling a pet and you receive a check for an amount over the selling price and the buyer asks you to deposit the check but wire the difference to the pet caretaker but when you cash the check it bounces.  For the Secret Shoppers/Funds Transfer Scams the criminal uses real looking illegal logos and hires you to rate your experience while shopping or dining somewhere and you are paid by check and asked to wire a percentage to a third party and of course the check bounces or while renting out a property your sent a check that’s more than the rental fee and asked to wire the difference to a third party and alas the check bounces.  In the Adoption/Charity Frauds you get a spam e-mail that breaks your heart and you donate to what you believe is a real charity (e.g. British adoption agency for orphaned/ abandoned children) but the money really goes to a con artist. The Romance Fraud starts when you meet someone in an online dating or social networking site and they tell you they live in another country but you strike up a relationship and plan to meet but they don’t have the money to cover the travel expenses and you send them the money but they end up in the hospital on their way to see you need more money and so on and so forth until they have milked all they can out of you.  The report as provides a complete breakdown of statistics on Internet crime in 2007 but the high level statistics are that complaints are slightly down from last year with 206,884 submissions but total losses were at their highest level yet at almost $240 million.  For more details about victims, perpetrators, and common categories of complaints you can view the report at http://www.ic3.gov/media/annualreport/2007_IC3Report.pdf.CRMCLSFCTN
In this news item, the FBI discusses its latest Cyber Solidarity initiative the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group.  As everyone knows cyber-attacks are basically borderless crimes in that they can come from anywhere at any time and impact millions of people and systems across the planet.   This is why the FBI has been steadily building a global law enforcement community and one of its latest initiatives involves five countries from three continents banding together to fight cyber-crime in a synergistic way.  The plan is for all to share intelligence, exchange tools and best practices and even strengthen/synchronize laws.  This initiative began in 2006 with the formation of the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group by high-level cyber cops from Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States which came together to tackling larger global crime issues like organized crime.  The group meets on a regular basis and each country presents plans on key issues define by the group (e.g. ways to share forensic tools, ways to conduct joint training, strategies for public awareness, etc.). Special Agent Donna Peterson, Acting Assistant Section Chief in our Cyber Division (chaired the March meeting) provided the following list of the groups other activities and accomplishments:  1) Develop a comprehensive of the transnational cyber threat which will include current and emerging trends, vulnerabilities, and strategic initiatives for the working group to pursue; 2) Set up a special area (e.g. Law Enforcement Online, FBI’s secure Internet portal), to share information and intelligence; 3) Launched a series of information bulletins on emerging threats and trends (e.g. drafted a bulletin describing how peer-to-peer (P2P); 4) Began exploring an exchange of cyber experts to serve on joint international task forces; and  5) Shared training curriculums and provided targeted training to international cyber professionals.  The group’s next steps are a three-day conference in May where legal and legislative experts from the five countries will talk about common challenges, differing approaches, and potential ways to streamline investigations and harmonize laws on everything from data retention standards to privacy requirements.CRMCLSFCTN
Another crime that is not noted in this news item but assumed is running an illegal business and possibly sexual abuse depending on the nature of the images foundCRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were hacking and spoofingCRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Other crimes noted in this news item were DoS, phishing scheme, and its assumed that theft of computer services would also be a crime used in these botnet rings CRMVirusCLSFCTN
In this news item, a few pointed questions are raised by Director Mueller during his 2007 Stopping Real Enemies at the Virtual Gates address at Penn State.  He mentioned the cyber blockade last April in Estonia where waves of data requests from around the world shut down banks, emergency phone lines, gas stations, grocery stores, newspaper/television stations, and even the prime minister’s office.  The source of that attack was never confirmed but the effects were real and we all wonder how long it will be before others employ this same tactic.  He talks about the effects of losing the Internet which is not just simply losing ability to e-mail and surf the web it’s a loose to all of our data, connectivity intellectual property and security.  And what of the so-called “Invisible Man” who one day has the ability to lock us out of our home, office and all of our information.  This threat is not limited to hackers on the outside he says it’s also a problem on the insider (e.g. subcontractors and their subs and people who take advantage of open access to research and development facilities on campuses, etc.).  He discusses many more realities but here are a few highlights.  There is this growing intersection of terror and the web.  Consider the Younis Tsouli (self-styled “Terrorist 007”) case where Younis served as an al Qaeda webmaster that hacked into servers to get additional bandwidth, used phishing schemes to steal credit account to buy $3 million worth of terrorist equipment and created a website, “You bomb it” that he had hoped would become the YouTube for terrorists. He asks “Could you fall for a scam or run a server that could end up helping terrorists?”  Next is the rise of the botnets which are networks of computers taken over by hackers that can wreck all kinds of havoc from shutting down a power grid to flooding an emergency call center with millions of spam messages which is a scary though.  Another concept he discusses is the “Invisible Man” which is where hackers are using sophisticated techniques to steal sensitive intelligence, scientific research, and communications data.  These Invisible Men are difficult to identify and track because they have the ability to move in/out of international systems at will and without a trace.  One major way the FBI combats threats such as these is via a groundbreaking partnerships like the one in Pennsylvania called Cyber Fusion Center.  At this Center federal agencies, software companies, ISPs, merchants and members of the financial sector come together in a neutral space where cyber professionals can share information and ideas about cyber threats and security breaches such as those mentioned above. Other partnerships used by the FBI are the National Security Higher Education Advisory Board, InfraGard, Regional Computer Forensic Labs, and their network of international offices.CRMCLSFCTN
A woman, who worked as an accounts payable specialist at a privately held information technology staffing company, defrauded the company over five years by directing transfers of money from a dormant company PayPal account to a PayPal account in her own name. She then forwarded the money from her PayPal account to her personal bank account.  She also used the company credit card for personal expenses.  She concealed this fraud scheme by doctoring monthly credit card statements and falsifying entries in the very accounting journals it was her responsibility to maintain. In total, the fraud resulted in a loss to the company approaching $1 million.CRMPayment FraudCLSFCTN
The president and chief executive officer of a corporation hacked into the computer systems of two competitors and stole proprietary and confidential business information to improve his company’s software development and sales strategy.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Chinese military hackers conducted computer hacking, economic espionage, and other offenses directed at six American victims in the U.S. nuclear power, metals, and solar products industries.  They conspired to hack into American entities to maintain unauthorized access to their computers and to steal information from those entities that would be useful to their competitors in China.  They also stole trade secrets that would have been particularly beneficial to Chinese companies at the time they were stolen. They also stole sensitive, internal communications that would provide a competitor, or an adversary in litigation, with insight into the strategy and vulnerabilities of the American entity. This is a case alleging economic espionage.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A man intentionally caused damage to a protected computer.  He formerly worked as a system administrator for a cloud-computing services provider company.  After resigning, he continued to enter the networks of the company to damage its servers, its reputation, and its business causing hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage.CRMComputer DamageCLSFCTN
James B. Comey, Director Federal Bureau of Investigation spoke at the annual cyber conference, sponsored by the FBI and Fordham University.  This conference brings together professionals from around the world to discuss emerging cyber threats and how the US must deal with them.  Director Comey explained that the FBI’s strategy for dealing with the cyber threat hinges on several key areas, chief among them strengthening partnerships with state and local law enforcement, international law enforcement agencies, and the FBI’s private-sector partners.CRMnaCLSFCTN
Director Comey spoke about the hack of Sony by North Korea.  Cyber is fundamentally changing the way we live.  Cisco Systems provided stats - in 2003 there were 6.3 billion people on earth and 500 million internet connected devices.  In 2010 6.8 billion people and 12.5 billion devices and they project that in 2020 there will be 7 billion people and 50 billion devices.  One of the advancements of the FBI is the formation of National Cyber Joint Investigative Task Force, NCIJTF, where 19 federal agencies sit together and divide up the work. See the threat, see the challenge, divide it up and share information.  Also, we are committed to finding the people or nation states that commit cyber crimes and making them pay big, money, freedom, etc.  This will involve partners around the world.   The FBI\'s strategy is to focus ourselves, shrink the world, impose real costs, get better at cooperating with our state and local partners and maybe most of all, get better at cooperating with our private sector partners.  He was very clear that the FBI had significant and irrefutable evidence that the Sony hack came from the Guardians of Peace in North Korea.
This is the complete article from James B. Comey, Director Federal Bureau of Investigation
speech at International Conference on Cyber Security, Fordham University New York, NY.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
This is a news article that highlights a job posting for cyber experts - in the call to action Robert Anderson, Jr., executive assistant director for the Bureau’s Criminal, Cyber, Response, and Services Branch stated \"The FBI seeks highly talented, technically trained individuals who are motivated by the FBI’s mission to protect our nation and the American people from the rapidly evolving cyber threat”.  
CRMnaCLSFCTN
If convicted, Perez faces up to five years in federal prison, and not more than a $250,000 fine, for transmitting a threat in interstate and foreign commerce.
CRMPosting on line threats advocating the killing of police officers or retired police officers.  Google contacted the FBI when it became of a UTube video that threatened to kill active and retired police officers.CLSFCTN
N Korea\'s cyber attack on Sony illustrate the significance and the ability of individuals and foreign nations to cause security dangers for the US.  These actions were intended to cause harm to businesses and suppress the rights of American citizens.
CRMThe FBI has determined that N Korea, Guardians of Peace, used destructive malware to steal Sony proprietary information, employee PII and personal communications, email.    The attacks also rendered thousands of Sony computers inoperable, forced Sony to take its entire computer network offline, and significantly disrupted the company’s business operations.CLSFCTN
N Korea\'s cyber attack on Sony illustrate the significance and the ability of individuals and foreign nations to cause security dangers for the US.  These actions were intended to cause harm to businesses and suppress the rights of American citizens.
CRMThis is the exact same article as the one above -- The FBI has determined that N Korea, Guardians of Peace, used destructive malware to steal Sony proprietary information, employee PII and personal communications, email.    The attacks also rendered thousands of Sony computers inoperable, forced Sony to take its entire computer network offline, and significantly disrupted the company’s business operations.CLSFCTN
ICCS include:  Admiral Michael S. Rogers, National Security Agency, Director James Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Clapper, Director, Directorate of National Intelligence, Christopher Marquart, Chief Information Security Officer, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Edward Amoroso, Senior Vice President and Chief Security Officer, AT&T Services
CRMThis article highlights the Global Cyber Security Summit (ICCS)
CLSFCTN
If convicted individuals could face 25 yrs in prison and $500,000 fine.
CRMCriminal complaint charging an individual with leading an international counterfeit currency operation, based in Uganda.  the operation involved making fake US currency and other country\'s currency and distributing the fake currency globally.
CLSFCTN
The criminal agreed to the forfeiture of the domain names sfredbook.com and myredbook.com and more than $1.28 million in cash and property as proceeds and other property involved in his unlawful activity.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty of operating a website to facilitate a prostitution ring.  This is the first federal prosecution and conviction for this crime classification.   The website allowed its members to post advertisements that used code names/acronyms for sex acts.  
CLSFCTN
Eighteen victims sent approximately $367,036 to accounts opened by the criminal between October 2011 and June 2012. Another 17 victims sent approximately $321,389. 
CRMUsing the internet to conduct international fraud involving online marketplace websites. The criminal was sentenced to 63 months in prison for his role in receiving and sending overseas approximately $690,000 and the use of a fraudulent passport.  They used the internet to list vehicles for sale, instructing the buyers to wire money to a \"safe\" account for the purchase and there were no vehicles -- the seller did not have the vehicles.
CLSFCTN
(Drug/Narcotic Offenses/10090000) Three individuals had their indictments related to their participation with the Silk Road unsealed in Manhattan federal court. Andrew Michael Jones, Gary Davis, and Peter Phillip Nash were all charged with narcotics, computer hacking, and money laundering.  The three were paid as administrators/moderators on the Silk Road website, an online black market for the purchase/sale of illegal items and services.  The site, which operated from the beginning of 2011 to almost the end of 2013, provided several thousand drug dealers and vendors a way to distribute their merchandise.  The site’s alleged owner, Ross William Ulbright (aka “Dread Pirate Roberts”) provided Jones, Davis, and Nash salaries ranging from approximately $50k to $75k per year.  Jones was arrested in Virginia, Nash was arrested in Australia, and Davis is believed to be in Ireland.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(Money Laundering) After introducing several undercover personnel into a counterfeit goods distribution operation, the FBI and ICE were able to gain enough evidence to accuse nine members with charges ranging from conspiracy to traffic counterfeit goods to conspiracy to structure money and money laundering.  The nine members, residents of New York and Texas, participated in the operation of one of the largest counterfeit goods operations ever charged by the Department of Justice.  The goods, smuggled into the US from China in containers from legitimate importers with falsified paperwork, entered the US and were distributed throughout New York, New Jersey, and wholesalers in the US.  After paying the undercover cops more than $2M to assist with getting the goods through inspections at the ports, investigators obtained enough recorded phone calls and meetings to charge the group with prison time and fines.CRM10140002CLSFCTN
Victims were defrauded of approximately $186,439.  If convicted of all charges, the defendants each face a maximum possible sentence of 125 years in prison, a fine of up to $1.75 million, three years of supervised release, and a $700 special assessment.
CRMInternet scam using an auction site.   Defendants charged with conspiracy to commit one count of mail fraud, and four counts of wire fraud.  The defendants offered luxury items such as Rolex and BMWs for same on the marketplace and he did not intend to deliver the goods or the goods were not in the condition advertised.
CLSFCTN
Andrew James Miller of Pennsylvania was sentenced to 18 months in prison for computer hacking.  Miller hacked and gained access into several computers and networks including commercial, educational, and government systems (including supercomputers at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California).  Once in, Miller installed “backdoors” which would allow further administrator access into the computers.  From 2008 to 2011, Miller and his co-conspirators then sold these backdoors and login credentials.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(Computer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property, 10080000) Using software made available online by the group, members of hacker group Anonymous participated in a distributed denial of service (DDoS) cyber attack on web servers operated by PayPal in December of 2010.  The software flooded PayPal’s website servers with useless information, preventing legitimate access to users during the attack.  The attack was brought on after PayPal suspended WikiLeaks’ accounts following WikiLeaks’ release of classified information.  Anonymous, wanting revenge for this suspension, coordinated “Operation Avenge Assange” and carried out the attack.  Thirteen members of the group were charged and pleaded guilty to participation on the attack and will receive sentences ranging from 1-year imprisonment/$100k fine to 10-years imprisonment/$250k fine for each violation.CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN
Assistant Director of the FBI Cyber Division.  It the speech he talks about how sophisticated the cyber criminals are becoming and how the FBI as well as other law enforcement offices must collaborate and evolve with the technology if they are to stay ahead of these potential crimes.  He specifically mentions malware, End Game and Zeus in the Middle, Distributed denial of service attack and botnet as some of the various meant criminals are threatening governments, companies and individuals.  He also talked about Silkroad 2.0, using a hidden part of the internet to sell drugs and weapons, generating $8 million per month and had approximately 150,000 active users.   There is a lack of legislation against cyber crime, however  Executive Order (EO) 13636, entitled “Improving Critical Infrastructure Cyber security” is a step in the right direction.  We will need better, more efficient means to collaborate at all levels of law enforcement if we are going to be successful stopping/minimizing cyber crimes in the future.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
This is a notice from the FBI instructing people to be on the alert for scams during the holiday season.  The mention that email invitations to auction sites are popular.  If the deal looks too good - it is probable a scam.  These sites often attract buyers to certain popular products at a steep discount.  Once the transaction is made the product is not sent to the buyer or it is not the same product as advertised.  Be on the alert for discounted gift cards and tickets -  these are favorites of scam artists.  It is best practice to delete any unsolicited email and do not open or reply to these emails.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
This is an invitation from the FBI and Secret Service to attend a seminar specifically aimed at merchants to provide education and possible mitigations for common cyber exploitation tactics, techniques and procedures leveraged by attackers.  The topics will include exploiting commercial application vulnerabilities; unauthorized access via remote access; e-mail phishing; and unsafe web browsing from computer systems used to collect, process, store or transmit customer information.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
This spyware app allowed for the wholesale invasion of privacy.  The FBI said that they will continue to hunt down not only the people that use apps like this, but the companies that make apps like this.   Individual had to pay $500,000 fine jail time and had to hand over the source code to the product.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty for advertising to sell Stealth Genie, a spyware application designed to remotely steal/monitor texts, email, voice photos, videos and other communications on mobile devices.  This is the first time a criminal conviction concerning the advertisement and sale of a mobile device spyware app. was accomplished.
CLSFCTN
This article is not reporting on a cyber crime.  It is a message from the FBI in Birmingham warning shoppers to be alert during the holiday season for on-line scams.  The most prevalent/common scams include -  fraudulent auction sales, reshipping merchandise purchased with a stolen credit card, sale of fraudulent or stolen gift cards through auction sites at discounted prices, and phishing e-mails advertising brand name merchandise for bargain prices or e-mails promoting the sale of merchandise that ends up being a counterfeit product.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
Numerous individuals have pleaded guilty and are waiting to be sentenced.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to creating and selling computer malware - Conspiracy to Commit Computer Hacking.   The company, Blackshades, created and sold several thousand copies of Remote Access Tool (RAT) that is designed to enable cyber criminal to gain access and control of other peoples\' computers - for instance access and view documents, photographs, and other files on the victim’s computer, record all of the keystrokes entered on the victim’s keyboard, steal the passwords to the victim’s online accounts, and even activate the victim’s web camera to spy on the victim—all of which could be done without the victim’s knowledge.
CLSFCTN
The individual ran a username/password software script over 14,000 times to gain access to the administrative server for the county.  The individual knew that this activity would trigger a lock down of the server where none of the administrators could access the server.  He was ordered to pay $10,000 in restitution.
CRMIndividual admitted to attempting to hack into a county/government server and gain unauthorized access.
CLSFCTN
This article is the same as a number of other articles on this page.  This particular message from the FBI is coming from their San Diego office, where the other articles were from other cities in the US.  This article is not reporting on a cyber crime.  It is a message from the FBI in San Diego warning shoppers to be alert during the holiday season for on-line scams.  The most prevalent/common scams include -  fraudulent auction sales, reshipping merchandise purchased with a stolen credit card, sale of fraudulent or stolen gift cards through auction sites at discounted prices, and phishing e-mails advertising brand name merchandise for bargain prices or e-mails promoting the sale of merchandise that ends up being a counterfeit product.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
The article doesn\'t describe how they got the victims\' information to commit the identity theft, most likely through a phishing scheme.CRMThe defendants are accused of using identity theft to gain control of victims\' bank accounts and then drain them using fake checks or through withdrawals at cash machines.  They are charged with bank fraud, wire fraud and attempting to destroy evidence.CLSFCTN
CRMConspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud, and access device fraud CLSFCTN
CRMComputer fraudCLSFCTN
CRMHaving custody, control, and possession of device-making equipmentCLSFCTN
Lou Reigel, head of the FBI Cyber Division briefed the press on the FBI cyber mission.  Reigel believed that the source of the Sober worm attack of the previous month would be found.  The worm was hidden in an attachment in an email purportedly from the FBI or CIA. It alleged that the victim visited illegal websites and needed to fill out a questionnaire, the attachment.  When the attachment was opened the person’s computer was infected.

Reigel also talked about:
o	Hurricane Katrina scams – 98 cases have been opened investigating scams
o	Intellectual property in China – He believes China is making progress but it is a long term issue
o	Computer Intrusions – the FBI is investigating 500 major cases
o	Innocent Images – there are 2,400 child porn cases currently
o	Cyber Terrorism – since 9/11 terrorists have become more sophisticated in their use of the internet.
CRMCLSFCTN
“Travelers” are adults who travel to have sex with children they’ve met on the Internet.  Through the Innocent Images National Initiative, the FBI is teaming up with local police to pose as kids and catch these criminals.  They follow strict guidelines to prevent entrapment.  Normally the traveler’s plead guilty because of the significant amount of evidence against them.

The number of cases is increasing and the FBI believes it is because:
o	More teens are on the Internet
o	Move victims are stepping forward
o	More investigators are pursuing active cases
CRMCLSFCTN
Housed in the FBI’s New Haven field office is the Connecticut Computer Crimes Task Force (CCTF).  This task force brings investigators together from the FBI, Secret Service, US Postal Inspection Service, the DOD Inspector General, the IRS, the Connecticut State Police, and several local police departements.  Nearly a dozen government agencies are represented combining the skills, resources, investigative strategies, and intelligence in a unified attack.  From March 2003 to January 2006, the CCTF’s work has led to over 60 indictments.CRMCLSFCTN
Working with other law enforcement organizations, the FBI has opened over 100 investigations into fraudulent websites supposedly collecting aid for Hurricane Katrina victims.  They also have dozens more cases involving hurricane-related fraud and corruption.CRMCLSFCTN
FBI Director Robert Mueller and FBI Cyber exec Steve Martinez spoke at the RSA Security Conference in the Silicon Valley.  They discussed growing the capabilities and partnerships in combatting cybercrime.

Director Mueller laid out some of the new capabilities:
o	The new Cyber Division at FBI Headquarters
o	Specially trained cyber squads at FBI Headquarters and 56 field offices
o	Cyber Action teams that will travel to assist in computer intrusion cases
o	93 Computer Crimes Task Forces
o	The growing partnership with the US Secret Service

He also discussed recent successes:
o	Arrest of the 20 year old hacker responsible for a botnet for hire
o	The capture of the cyber criminals responsible for the Mytob and Zotob worms
CRMCLSFCTN
In 1993, two FBI agents working a missing child case uncovered the use of the internet for transmitting sexually explicit images of minors.  In May 1995 the FBI launched the “Innocent Images National Initiative” to combat this crime.  In 10 years, the FBI and its partners have opened 15,500 cases, charged over 4,700 criminals and arrested more than 6,100 subjects.  The FBI is currently working more than 30 operations nationwide.

In 2004 the FBI began running the Innocent Images International Task Force to 
combat global child exploitation.  Law enforcement officers from foreign countries travel to Calverton, MD where they can collaborate with each other.  The task force has generated more than 3,000 leads in the US and 2,000 overseas.
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMWhen the Zotob worm hit the US in August 2005, it caused enough of a problem that the FBI launched an investigation and sent Cyber Action Teams (CATS) to Morocco and Turkey.  CATS are small, highly trained FBI agents, analysts, and computer forensics and malicious code experts.  

The original intent of the worm was to steal credit card numbers but instead caused computers to malfunction.
CLSFCTN
CRMIn 2004, Dwight Whorley went to the office of the Virginia Employment commission and used their computers to download and send Japanese “anime” cartoons showing graphic acts of child pornography.CLSFCTN
The State Department’s Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program is responsible for offering rewards leading to the arrest and/or conviction of Popescu and Bosogioiu. More information about Popescu and Bosogioiu is available on the Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program website at www.state.gov/tocrewards.   The offices of the FBI Legal Attachés in Romania, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Hungary were instrumental in coordinating efforts with the United States’ international partners, and the U.S. government thanks those partners in Romania, the Czech Republic, Hungary, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany for their close cooperation throughout this investigation. 
CRM2 Defendants created a scam where they flooded on-line markets, eBay motors, autotrader.com, cars.com, etc with fake ads for vehicles they did not exist.  The defendants hired others to increase the flood of cars for sale and created fake process and paperwork to trick buyers into sending/transferring funds into the fake accounts.  $1 M and $750K rewards are offered for information leading to the arrest of these 2.CLSFCTN
This was a former employee that was angry at the company for not extending is job.
CRMDefendant is charged with installing malware. malicious software on hid former employer\'s computer network in an attempt to cause harm to the company.CLSFCTN

CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to possessing and using mobile spy software to intercept voice, email, text and other data from unsuspecting victims.CLSFCTN
The on-going investigation is being conducted by the FBI and its New York Special Operations and Cyber Branch, along with its Washington, Philadelphia and Indianapolis Field Offices, and by HSI and its Cyber Crimes Center and Chicago-O’Hare Field Office, with assistance from Drug Enforcement Administration’s (DEA) New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force, which comprises agents and officers of the DEA, the Internal Revenue Service, the New York City Police Department, HSI, the New York State Police, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the U.S. Secret Service, the U.S. Marshals Service, the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the New York Department of Taxation. The law enforcement authorities of Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, whose actions have been coordinated through Eurojust and Europol’s EC3.
CRM400 .Onion, hidden, TOR addresses were removed from the internet because they were offering a wide range of illegal goods and services.CLSFCTN
The Dark Market Sites  were all operating online criminal marketplaces, openly advertising on their home pages and offering to sell a variety of illicit goods and services to customers in the United States and elsewhere. The advertised goods and services included, among other things: illegal narcotics; firearms; stolen credit card data and personal identification information; counterfeit currency; fake passports and other identification documents; and computer-hacking tools and services.
CRMAs  illegal activity online becomes more prevalent, criminals can no longer expect that they can hide in the shadows of the ‘dark web.’ We shut down the original Silk Road website and now we have shut down its replacement, as well as multiple other ‘dark market’ sites allegedly offering all manner of illicit goods and services, from firearms to computer hacking. CLSFCTN
As of September 2014, Silk Road 2.0 was generating sales of at least approximately $8 million per month and had approximately 150,000 active users.  Silk Road 2.0 had over 13,000 listings for controlled substances, including, among others, 1,783 listings for “Psychedelics,” 1,697 listings for “Ecstasy,” 1,707 listings for “Cannabis,” and 379 listings for “Opioids.” Besides illegal narcotics, other illicit goods and services were openly advertised for sale on Silk Road 2.0 as well, including fraudulent identification documents and computer-hacking tools and services.
CRMThe defendant is charged with one count of conspiring to commit narcotics trafficking; one count of conspiring to commit computer hacking; one count of conspiring to traffic in fraudulent identification documents; and one count of money laundering conspiracy.CLSFCTN
The defendants were located in Mexico, but the crimes spanned from CA to FL.  The Mexican authorities turned the defendant over to the US for prosecution.
CRMThe defendant is responsible for stealing over 400,000 identities and then use the stolen identities to steal money from individuals accounts and to purchase expensive electronic items and charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, computer hacking, aggravated identity theft, and wire fraud. CLSFCTN
The symposium included 400 educators, parents, middle school and high school children and discussed topics that included child exploitation, cyber bullying, digital reputation, social media and Internet dangers, and sextortion.   The FBI participated and hopes to have an impact on kids so that they can protect themselves and act as our ambassadors among their peers in stemming online victimization by predators or cyber bullies.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
Although the cyber criminals are practiced at deception, there are ways to spot the fraud, according to Special Agent Paula Ebersole in our Washington Field Office. “The most important thing is to independently verify shipping addresses,” she said, “no matter how legitimate a website or e-mail looks.”
CRMPurchase order fraud, Conspiracy to commit fraud, mail fraudCLSFCTN
He hacked into multiple networks around the country, stole sensitive information and altered academic records and stole credit and debit card information
CRM Criminal found guilty of computer hacking - 2 counts of computer intrusion and one count of access device fraudCLSFCTN
Criminals stole over $9.4M
CRMCriminal sentenced/found guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and computer intrusionCLSFCTN
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month - the Safe on-line Surfing Challenge is open to all public, private, and home schools nationwide. It is a free, educational, fun online program that promotes cyber awareness and teaches students in third through eighth grades how to recognize and respond to online dangers. Each grade-specific program includes interactive sections that include scavenger hunts, games, and quizzes. The topics covered in the SOS Challenge include protecting personal information, online predators, cyber bullying, instant messaging, social networking, cell phone safety, gaming safety, reporting, and copyright and fair use rules.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
The National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force (NCIJTF) was established in 2008 by a presidential directive and administered by the FBI, the NCIJTF is also tasked with identifying cyber hackers and understanding their motivations and capabilities.  The NCIJTF is looking at the overall cyber landscape,” said FBI Special Agent Paul Holdeman, and NCIJTF chief. “We are looking at the broad strategic shifts in the enemy’s tactics and movements. What are these bad actors doing, and what threats do they pose?”  The key to NCIJTF’s success is the ability to exchange of information--bringing everyone together under one roof has been a huge benefit.
CRMnaCLSFCTN
naCRMCriminal found guilty and sentenced, to 18 months in prison for hacking into his neighbor’s wireless router and using it to post a bomb threat.CLSFCTN
If convicted, the defendant faces a maximum sentence of five years and a fine of $250,000 for each violation
CRMThe defendant was charged with two counts of illegal wiretapping and the possession of illegal interception devicesCLSFCTN
In total, 17 victims sent approximately $321,389 to accounts opened by Stanciu. Stanciu subsequently sent the bulk of the money to co-conspirators located overseas.
CRMCriminal found guilty of one count of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud CLSFCTN
Two men hacked into victims’ e-mail accounts to steal nude or sexually explicit photos that were later posted without the victim’s permission for purposes of revenge on a “revenge porn” website.  The crime included conspiracy, seven counts of unauthorized access to a protected computer to obtain information, and seven counts of aggravated identity theft.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN
He had been fired from a law firm.  In retaliation, he logged into the firm’s servers using an internal company password provided to him by a co-conspirator.  Once he accessed the server, he installed software to capture passwords of anyone on the firm’s network.  He also deleted the firm’s backup files.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A man accused of anonymously hacking several online accounts to extort young females into sending him nude photos and video or submitting to five-minute Skype sessions was charged with federal extortion. He compromised and hacked multiple victims’ online accounts.  He used malicious software to disguise his identity in order to capture nude photos or videos of female victims through remote operation of their webcams without their consent. He then contacted some victims using e-mail accounts he had taken over.  He threatened to publicly post compromising photos or video to the victims’ online social media accounts unless the victim either sent nude photos or videos or engaged in a Skype session with him and did what he said for five minutes, according to the complaint.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN
A man conducted a scheme to sell unapproved foreign oncology drugs to doctors in the United States.  He committed federal offenses including wire fraud, mail fraud, selling unapproved drugs, selling misbranded drugs, and importing merchandise contrary to law. He ordered unapproved drugs from foreign sources, including sources in Turkey, India, and Pakistan, directed them to be shipped in bulk to a designated location, and then sold them to doctors within the United States at substantially discounted prices.CRMTrafficking in Prescription DrugsCLSFCTN
A former trooper with the Ohio State Highway Patrol coerced female victims to engage in sexual acts in exchange for lenient treatment in connection with potential criminal cases and traffic tickets.  This violated the civil rights of female motorists and one count of engaging in cyber stalking by harassing and threatening victims by sending threatening electronic messages.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN
An employee (business agent) exceeded authorized access to the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles (NYS DMV) database.  He had limited authorization to access the database.  He illegally could determine the registered owners of vehicles.  He violated his agreement with the DMV.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A woman accessed the University of Alabama computer to steal student loan funds from fellow students.  This access was unauthorized.  She used emails and phishing attempts to obtain information to transfer funds from student accounts to her own account.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A therapist at a hospital obtained individually identifiable health information and unauthorized access of a protected computer without authorization.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A local football coach’s house was searched revealing evidence of child pornography and cyber stalking of MSU students.  The child pornography offenses occurred in Pennsylvania where the charge from Michigan will be transferred for prosecution as part of the plea agreement.  
Ostrowski would overtake the victim’s social networking accounts, exploit personal information and then harass and threaten the students.  The FBI says all people who obtain child pornography images will face severe punishment.
CRMCyberstalking and Child PornographyCLSFCTN
This case began with a complaint a person got over his Twitter account. On March 6, Joseph Joel Morales-Serrano sent a threating message to a fellow Twitterer saying “watch out during the demonstration it can end like in Boston, a—hole.” The FBI searched the house of Morales-Serrano which was located in Puerto Rico.  Morales-Serrano admitted that was his Twitter moniker and admitted he threatened Julio Serrano.  Morales-Serrano may face 5 years in prison for transmitting in interstate of foreign commerce a communication threatening to injure a fellow person.CRMCyberbullyingCLSFCTN
Edwin Vargas was arrested outside of his home in Bronxville, NY announced George Venizelos, the Assistant Director in Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).  Vargas is a New York City Police Department (NYPD) detective.  Vargas illegally obtained information on two officers using a federal database (NCIC) he had access to due to his job.  Vargas paid $4000 to illegally collect information on numerous fellow officers as well.  Between March 2011- Oct 2012, Vargas hired an email hacking company to get the user names and passwords of the email accounts of 43 fellow officers.  Agents found the information on the suspect’s NYPD computer.  Vargas is charged with one count of conspiracy to commit hacking and one count of hacking.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Alexander Waterland, 25, was convicted to 1 year in federal prison and two years of supervised probation after illegally downloading personal information on University of Pittsburgh.  Waterland received the link to the information form a coworker, Brett Hudson.  Waterland was going to use the information to make a threat to the University.  Waterland and Hudson threatened to release PII unless the Chancellor posted an apology to the students.  Waterland and Hudson posted and sent threats through email, Twitter and UTube.CRMInternet extortion conspiracyCLSFCTN
Michael Meneses was convicted of hacking into a company that manufactures high-voltage equipment and caused over $90,000 in damage.  Meneses worked at the company as a software programmer and system manager ensuring the companies software operated efficiently – especially production planning, purchasing, and inventory control.  In December 2011, Meneses quit sighting lack of promotion award.  Meneses hacked in from home and illegally obtained log in credentials to access the network, Once in, Meneses caused large disruptions in production and finance.  Meneses faces max sentence in years of prison, $250,000 fine plus restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Hamza Bendelladj was convicted in the US after extradition from Thailand for creating, distributing and operating a malicious computer virus called SpyEye.  The virus was designed to invade home computers in order to steal personal information such as passwords and users’ names.  After obtaining the personal information, he would then sell it to other cybercriminals.  Bendelladj had over 253 financial institutions information on his server which was located in Georgia. Bendelladj faces a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison for conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud; up to 20 years for each wire fraud count; up to five years for conspiracy to commit computer fraud; up to five or 10 years for each count of computer fraud; and fines of up to $14 million.CRMWire, bank and computer fraudCLSFCTN
Robert Edwin Steele was convicted on 14 counts of unauthorized access to a computer.  Two counts of misdemeanor violations and twelve counts of felony violations were delivered in the Virginia court.  Steele working at companies who are government contractors.   After quitting from company A, Steele assured the board he would bot access the system.  Company A shut his accounts down; however, Steele gained access through a secret admin account he had learned about while working there.  Steele obtained documents concerning bids from competing companies using the information to underbid the contracts.  His new company did not win the contract.  Steele had access the system more than 79,000 times sifting through hundreds of pages of documents.CRMUnauthorized AccessCLSFCTN
The organizer of a botnet virus was sentenced to 71 month in prison in New Jersey.  The botnet network of virus-controlled computers was going to be used to influence stock prices worldwide.  The Cedar Park, Texas man, Christopher Rad, 44, was convicted previously of fraud attempting to commit securities fraud using spam, conspiring to transmit spam through unauthorized computers.  In a practice known as a “pump and dump”, Rad would artificially inflate stocks worth and then sell them for a large profit.  Viruses were sent out to infect computers around the world, creating a virtual army of hijacked computers. The spammers then caused the botnets to distribute spam to promote the stocks Reed wanted to manipulate. Infected computers were discovered in New Jersey, Europe, Russia, and elsewhere. The botnet was controlled from command and control servers located overseas, including in Russia and China.
Rad paid the spammers more than $1.4 million, making payments through e-Gold. Hackers hacked into the brokerage accounts of third parties, liquidated the stocks in those accounts, and used the accounts to purchase some of the stocks the scheme desired to manipulate. This increased the volume of shares being traded and created an impression that the stocks were worth purchasing. Rad made approximately $2.8 million from his schemes.  In addition to the prison term, Judge Pisano sentenced Rad to serve five years of supervised release and ordered him to pay a $30,000 fine. Restitution will be determined at a later date.
CRMFraudCLSFCTN
The PSA includes many ways to protect yourself.  These include: turn on all privacy settings on social media; be aware of security settings on computers; limit personal postings to social media; restrict drivers license registration information; request real estate and personal property records to be restricted; routinely upgrade software and hardware; pay close attention to all emails; routinely conduct online searches of yourself; monitor credit activity; change passwords regularly; and report any suspicious activity.CRMThere is no specific crime associated with this PSA, but it goes into detail about how hacktivists are targeting government personnel through open source searches and using this information to exploit gaps in security.  These hacktivists will post the gathered information in public places and include reasons why people should be targeted.  They will also use the information to wage a “swatting” campaign against these government officials.CLSFCTN
1. Use the .gov/.mil instead of .com. 2. Use search engines to search the advertised company. 3. Search for negative feedback from company. 4. Always be cautious when dealing with people from outside of the country. 5. Maintain all records of transactions.CRMThe IC3 has received many complaints regarding criminals hosting fraudulent websites from May 2012 to March 2015.  The amount of money lost has been minimal, but the victims are losing massive amounts of PII.  This information is then used to create fake loans, passports, tax refunds, and many other things.  The crime is usually initiated when a victim searches for a government service such as how to get a new social security card.  The criminal result is listed first, so the victim choses it.  The website directs them to fill out forms and submit a fee to accomplish their task.  After the completion of the process the victim is directed to send their birth cert, drivers license, SS card and any other personal ID badge. Then the victim is directed to wait a few weeks to a few months for processing.  By the time the victim realizes the scam, there are multiple charges or credit cards in their name.  CLSFCTN
1. Review WordPress guidelines 2. Identify WordPress vulnerabilities 3. Update WordPress 4. Run all software as a non-privileged user, without admin privileges, to diminish effects of successful attacks 5. Confirm that all application and operating system software is up to dateCRMPerpetrators using the ISIL name to gain notoriety are using relatively unsophisticated hacking techniques to exploit technical vulnerabilities to disrupt communication platforms.  This attack affects news organizations, commercial entities, religious institutions, government institutions, and a variety of other websites both international and domestic.  Successful exploitation could result in an attacker gaining unauthorized access to computer systems.  All victims share common WordPress plug-in vulnerabilities easily accessible by commonly available hacking toolsCLSFCTN
CRMThe defendant would compromise a victims brokerage account, use it to purchase stock from his (the defendant\'s) account at an above market price, then sell the stock back to his own account from the victim at market, pocketing the difference.CLSFCTN
CRMThe article does not specify a particular crime; instead it is a warning about the possibility of malware being installed when victims are traveling (especially outside the US) and they connect to a hotel internet service that has been compromised.  The malware is installed by spoofing the user into thinking that they are installing an update to software on their computer.CLSFCTN
CRMWire Fraud in conjunction with fraudulent web sitesCLSFCTN
CRMTwo men who pretended to be Internet telephone service wholesalers were found guilt in a scheme to steal more than $4.4 million from multiple VoIP service providers.  The would get VoIP services from major telecom companies, like Verizon and ATT, on credit, then sell those services to 3rd party VoIP providers (mostly international providers), bill the 3rd party company and pay little, if anything to the actual VoIP telecom provider.CLSFCTN
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Moldovan man pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud.  Dumitru Doban and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay and AutoTrader.com) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Doban and his co-conspirators, they were instructed to send payment using fake third party sites (such as eBay Motors and Google Waller).  After submitting the payment using the false sites, the defendant transferred the money to overseas accounts and no vehicle was ever provided to the “buyers”.  Doban was identified as having scammed 18 people from the US and Canada, obtaining approximately $257,489 in the process.  Doban could face sentences as high as 20 years in federal prison and/or a $250,000 fine.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
The person convicted for the crime, Eric J. Rosol, was determined to participate in a web attack sponsored by the hacker group Anonymous.  Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system installed on his computer, Rosol joined in the distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the web server for Koch Industries hosting the website Kochind.com.  The site was down for approximately 15 minutes.  Rosol was sentenced to two years probation and ordered to pay $183,000 in restitution (approximately the cost of the security consulting group Koch Industries hired to protect its sites).CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding a variation of the “man-in-the-middle” scam that they are terming the “man-in-the-e-mail” scheme.  The announcement states that in 2013, companies in the Washington state area were scammed when their emails for payments to supply companies in China were intercepted and spoofed.  The perpetrators sent fraudulent information to both companies indicating that payments would be sent to a different account (maintained by the perpetrators).  Through this scam, the affected companies lost approximately $1.65 million.  The announcement warns that since both companies can be scammed (the one paying and the one shipping the items/goods), companies must be cautious with regards to emails not digitally signed, non-direct communication with changes to set business deals and/or practices, and un-secure channels.  In addition, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for companies already affected.CRMCLSFCTN
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding how to remain secure and avoid scams during the holiday season.  The announcement provides basic details regarding the most common scams including fraudulent classified ads/auction sales, gift card scams, and phishing/social networking.  Tips for avoiding the common scams are provided (such as avoiding links in unknown emails, directly logging in to websites instead of clicking hyperlinks, and contacting the business to check the validity of communications.  Finally, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for people already affected.CRMCLSFCTN
Assistant Director of the FBI Cyber Division toured a market in China last fall.  He witnessed knock-off versions of U.S. merchandise.  It is estimated that U.S. businesses lose $50 billion a year in revenue .  In addition to fraudulent merchandise, the Cyber Division investigates hackers to child porn to theft of trade secrets.  Reigel retired after 31 years at the Bureau and his final year in charge of Cyber Division.

Reigel’s biggest successes in his final year included getting industry to trust the FBI with regards to cybercrime.  He believes that challenges down the road include increased computer intrusions. Particularly from Asia and Eastern Europe.  Commenting on his trip to China, Reigel believes that the door is beginning to open and hopefully they can work joint cases in the future.
CRMCLSFCTN
With the increase in social networking sites, the easy and immediate opportunities for sexual predators has also increased.  The FBI has opened dozens of cases nationwide and received more than 500 complaints.  

To keep your children safe the FBI recommends:

o	Monitor your kids internet use and keep the computer in a central location
o	Tell your kids the reasons why it is important not to share personal information online
o	Check your kids social profiles
o	Read and follow safety tips regarding online behavior
o	Report inappropriate activity to the website or law enforcement immediately
CRMCLSFCTN
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) reports that the incidents of cybercrime are up significantly for 2005 and the total dollar losses are at all-time highs.  During the final three months of 2005, more complaints were filed than any other quarter in the past 6 years.  

The case load resulting from the Innocent Images program  has risen over 2,000 percent from 113 investigations in 1996 to 2,500 investigations in 2005.

To combat these trends the FBI is working in closely with their domestic and international partners.  FBI agents are working with officers from around the world to combat online sexual abuse of children and six agents and staff work full time at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
CRMCLSFCTN
Supervisory Special Agent Tom Veivia of the Innocent Images program offers the following advice to parents regarding keeping their kids safe online:

o	Parents should educate themselves regarding online risks as there has been an increase in child predators targeting kids online.
o	Keep your computer in a common area so you can see what is going on
o	Use parental controls to restrict the sites your kids can visit.
o	Explain the risks to your kids and warn them about sharing information online.
CRMCLSFCTN
FBI agents from the Buffalo field office with the help of 15 other agencies helped to recover Congressional Medals of Honor that were for sale on Ebay.  A seller from Mississauga, Ontario Canada was arrested in July 2003, pled guilty, and is serving a prison sentence.  Two Medals of Honor were recovered.

A ceremony to restore the Medals took place on May 27th.  The FBI hosted 27 WWII veterans presided as the FBI Director and Deputy Director presented 3 medals to the President of the Medal of Honor Society.
CRMCLSFCTN
In June 2004 the FBI opened the Computer Crimes Task Force in New Haven Connecticut, a state of the art computer forensics lab.  It is one of 50 task forces in the US that bring together federal, state, and local officers to combat pedophiles, hackers, thieves, criminals and terrorists who use computers to plan and commit crime.

This lab is the second in the US where participating agencies can deconstruct hardware and software, analyze hard drives and other storage media, and recover evidence for their cases.  The officers and agents jointly work cases to catch sexual predators operating in chat rooms.
CRMCLSFCTN
48 million young internet users are facing unprecedented threats online:
o	Six in ten have gotten an email from a perfect stranger and half have replied
o	One in 33 has been aggressively solicited to meet their “cyber friend” in person.
o	One in four kids age 10 – 17 has been exposed to unwanted sexual material.
FBI Special Agent Arnold Bell gives the following advice:

o	Communicate and talk to your kids about the danger
o	Establish ground rules on interacting on the internet and what information can be shared
o	Keep tabs on their online activity
o	Report suspicious/inappropriate things you find online
o	Contact the police immediately if your child is abducted
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMPhilip Cummings, a help desk employee who had access to consumer credit reports from the three major commercial credit companies, stole upwards of 3,000 credit reports.  These reports were sold to Nigerian nationals who looted bank accounts and racked up credit card charges.CLSFCTN
Identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes in the US.  10 million people fall victim to it yearly.  The FBI offers the following tips to avoid being a victim:

o	Review your credit report for discrepancies
o	Shred old credit card statement, financial statements, and receipts
o	Close all unused credit and banks accounts
o	Remove your name from mailing lists for pre-approved credit lines
o	Hide your pin number when using the ATM
o	Contact creditors and service providers if you notice unexplainable charges
o	Keep your computer updated with the latest virus software
o	Be wary of giving out personal information unless you initiate it
o	Do not carry your SSN or other sensitive passwords in your wallet
o	Do not put your SSN on checks
CRMCLSFCTN
A “war spammer” is an individual who drives around looking for unprotected wireless networks and then when they find one, use it to send SPAM email.

On September 27, 2003 Nicholas Tombros was convicted of sending spam to thousands of people while driving through the neighborhoods of Marina Del Ray.

The FBI suggests the following to protect yourself from war spamming:

o	Enable WAP or WEP encryption on your wireless router
o	Change the default SSID on the router and turn off broadcast
o	Activate MAC filtering
o	Always make sure your computer has up to date software, virus protection, and a personal firewall.
CRMCLSFCTN
Infragard is an eight your old partnership between the FBI and the public to protect critical infrastructure.  The program has 14,800 members in 84 local chapters worldwide.  The members come from various backgrounds including business executives, entrepreneurs, military and government officials, computer security officials, and concerned citizens.  The key to the partnership is information and intelligence sharing.CRMCLSFCTN
Cyber criminals are using the following schemes to divert charitable donations from Tsunami disaster relief.
o	False websites
o	SPAM mail that offer a service to find disaster victims
o	SPAM mail soliciting donations for disaster relief
o	SPAM mail asking for personal or financial information to retrieve large amounts of inheritance funds.
The FBI offers the following tips to avoid being a victim of the above:
o	Do not respond to SPAM mail
o	Be skeptical of government officials or victims claiming they need help with large amounts of money
o	Go directly to U.S. based non-profit organizations instead of clicking on a link
o	Validate the legitimacy of non-profit organizations
CRMCLSFCTN
Special Agent Brian T. Herrick is assigned to the FBI field office in Buffalo, New York.  He joined the FBI from private industry after getting involved in the Philadelphia Infragard chapter.  His focus is mainly cybercrimes but has also been involved in investigating bank robberies, monitoring wire taps, and working a kidnapping. 

Agent Herrick says there is no such thing as a typical working day in the FBI.  With his computer forensic work, he might examine logs for network intrusion, interview in internet fraud victim, and then analyze a computer of a child predator.  

What he likes best about his job is access to technology and having the technical tools he needs to do his job.
CRMCLSFCTN
A Norfolk, VA couple was wanted for scamming religious investors and fled the country to evade capture.  They were arrested at the railway station in Shropshire, England by detectives from Scotland Yard and local police.  The couple seen by a British citizen who saw the couples wanted poster on the FBI website.

A Sparks, Nevada man wanted for sexually assaulting a child fled across the Mexico border to evade capture.  However, he was arrested in Puerta Vallarta when someone recognized him after they saw his photo on the FBI website.

In 2004, 9 fugitives were captured thanks to the power of the internet.
CRMCLSFCTN
For the past 6 years Kevin Gutfleish has worked as an intelligence analyst for the FBI’s Innocent Images program.  Kevin’s says that the best part of his job is that he is protecting kids.  Also, there are many other opportunities for intelligence analysts in other parts of the FBI.

According to Kevin, there is no typical work day.  He works as a subject matter expert on predators targeting kids but may also write an intelligence assessment then working on other important cases to assessing field undercover ops.
CRMCLSFCTN
“Phishing” is one of the fastest growing cyber crimes. Tens of millions of Americans have been the targets of bogus emails, web pages, and pop-ups attempting to con them out of their financial data.

The FBI and its partners have launched a proactive campaign called “Digital Phishnet”.  The operation includes 50 cyber experts from:

o	Five major e-commerce companies
o	Four top ISPs
o	Nine of the top 10 US banks and financial service providers
o	Key federal law enforcement agencies
o	National Cyber-Forensics & Training Council
The “Digital Phishnet” works as follows:
o	Private industry or law enforcement find a scheme and quickly pass the details onto the team
o	The team further evaluates and investigates the threat
o	Based on the investigation, the team makes an initial evaluation
o	The team then prioritizes the attack and determines a proactive targeting strategy.
CRMCLSFCTN
On February 9, 2005 Steve Martinez, head of the FBI Cyber Division addressed the Third Annual Cyber Security Alliance Summit.  Steve’s main message was that the FBI needs the help of all levels of US and international law enforcement and private industry.  The FBI particularly needs the help of companies who have been attacked.

Martinez explained that the FBI needs more complete intelligence on hacker tools and techniques.  He continued that protecting systems was not good enough and that cyber criminals must be gone after aggressively.  The most effective deterrent is putting the criminals in jail.
CRMCLSFCTN
Special Agent Chad H. joined the FBI after 12 years of private industry experience in the field of computers.  Chad finds excitement in both the physical side of things such as making arrests and conducting searches, but also outwitting cybercriminals.  For him there is  never a typical day.  On any day he may be doing a multitude of different things such as surveillance, victim interviews, reviewing computer forensic evidence, to participating in searches and even making an arrest.  Chad says that with cybercrime exploding, the need for technically talented FBI agents is at an all-time high.CRMCLSFCTN
CRMJuana Martinez was selling fraudulent identification documents out of her beauty salon.  The documents included fake birth certificates, social security cards, Green Cards, passports, and driver’s licenses.  She charged upwards of $1,000 for a fake Social Security card and matching birth certificate.CLSFCTN
CRMNigerian nationals were involved in an international online fraud ring preying on singles in the US.  The Nigerians would befriend singles online in chat rooms and romance them with flowers and gifts.  The relationship would then progress and they would convince their victims to accept packages on their behalf and then repackage and reship them to Nigeria.  The merchandise was purchased using stolen credit cards.

CLSFCTN
CRMThe owner of an online sports apparel store hired a hacker to disable his competitor websites therefore driving up his sales.  The hacker created a botnet of 2,000 computers.  Using this botnet the hacker initiated DDOS attacks against a list of 10 sites.  The DDOS attacks impacted not only the 10 sites, but brought down hosting company servers impacting at least 1,000 unrelated businesses.  The attacks resulted in at least $2.5 million in damage.CLSFCTN
In April 2005 the top Criminal Investigative exec of the FBI testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Identity theft.  There were over 1,600 active investigations.  Since the IC3 was created, it has received over 100,000 identity theft-related complaints.  

Identity theft is hard to quantify because it crosses all investigative programs, criminal fraud, cybercrime, violent crime, organized crime, terrorism.  Any criminal activity or national security plot that uses identity theft falls into this category.

The FBI has investigative partnerships with federal, state, and local law enforcement to combat this trend.  They are sharing information with every sector of business, government, education, finance, communications, and health.
CRMCLSFCTN
The Cyber Incident Detection & Data Analysis Center (CIDDAC) is a new non-profit, private sector organization which will act as a cyber threat reporting system.  Organizations that join CIDDAC will connect real-time cyber attack detection sensors to their networks.  The sensors will detect attacks and send valuable forensic data to the CIDDAC ops center for analysis.  Following analysis, information will be sent to cyber investigators and to the Department of Homeland Security.

Participating organizations will remain anonymous.  Critical network services or applications and proprietary data will not be put at risk.  Information is only passed to law enforcement when they think there is a crime.  Participants benefit by finding out when an attack is hitting other networks or the business sector as a whole.  Law enforcement benefits by knowing how and when an attack is occurring which will allow them to more quickly identify, locate, and stop the threat.
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMJohnny Ray Rasca, a native New Yorker, move to Hollywood in 2002.  He was a lone wolf who would pirate movies and then sell them for profit.

Rasca would attend advanced screenings of movies, posing as a movie industry insider.  Once in the theater he would rig his camera to the arm rest and begin filming when the lights dimmed.  After he captured the film, he would go home and mass produce his recordings on 11 interlinked VCRs and sell them over the Internet.  He claimed to be clearing $4,500 a week.
CLSFCTN
Cyber criminal was selling more than 35,000 illegally copied computer games over the Internet. He would buy a single copy of a game, illegally duplicate it and sell the copies on eBay.com and Amazon.com. He also set up a website for customers to download the games they bought. The games were original works of more than 60 different software companies. The estimated total retail value of the games is about $700,000. He sold each counterfeit game for around $9.95.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN
Smishing and vishing scams target your mobile phone. Criminals attempting to collect personal information to get your money.Vishing scams also target land-line phones. Victims receive a text message or an automated phone call on your cell phone saying there’s a problem with your bank account. Victims given a phone number to call or a website to log into and asked to provide personal identifiable information (bank account number, PIN, credit card number) to fix the problem.   CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) logged its 2 millionth consumer complaint alleging online criminal activity on November 9, 2010. The IC3 receives, develops, and refers cyber crime complaints to local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies. The IC3 gives cyber crime victims a convenient and easy-to-use reporting mechanism that alerts authorities of suspected criminal or civil violations.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
A man was sentenced to prison for intentionally accessing without authorization the e-mail account of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and obstructing justice. He obtained unauthorized access by resetting the account password, answering a series of security questions, read the contents of the account and made screenshots of the e-mail directory, e-mail content, and other personal information.  He posted screenshots of the e-mails, the new e-mail account password, and other personal information to a public website.  He became aware of possible FBI investigation, so he deleted records and documents with the intent to impede anticipated FBI investigation.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
The hacker controlled victim’s computer webcam and microphone. He could see her in her bedroom, hear her conversations, knew every keystroke she made online. And he threatened to expose her secrets unless she met his demands.  More than 200 victims (dozens adolescent girls). He searched for explicit pictures from their computers, downloaded them, and used the images to extort more pictures and videos from them.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN
Scam pop-ups are called “scareware” frighten you into purchasing fake antivirus software with a seemingly genuine security warning. Program will either do nothing or installs malware on your computer. Software may download automatically.CRMIntimidationCLSFCTN
Mass marketing fraud exploits mass communication like bulk mail or telemarketing.  Via the Internet, criminals target victims halfway around the world, blasting out spam e-mails by the millions and setting up phony but realistic websites to lure people in. Mass marketing fraud tricks you into paying or giving personal information for the promise of future prizes, products, or services that never come.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN
Director Robert S. Mueller, III has named Gordon M. Snow assistant director of the FBI’s Cyber Division. He will be responsible for leading the FBI’s efforts to protect the United States against cyber-based attacks and high-technology crimes. Gordon has broad range of investigative and leadership experience.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
E-mail scams that claim to be from FBI, ask for money or personal information are highest percentage (16.6) of complaint types submitted 2009  to FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  IC3 received 336,655 complaints during 2009, a 22.3 percent increase from 2008.  Other complaint categories:  Non-delivered merchandise and or non-payment, (11.9 percent); Advance fee fraud, (9.8 percent);  Identity theft, (8.2 percent); and Overpayment fraud, (7.3 percent).CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Online banking fraud, large sums of money moved in/out of the company accounts.  Hacking into computer system, defacement of state agency websites. “SQL injection” attack inserted code into website, enabling access to company database with customer orders and credit card numbers.  FBI-sponsored initiative called InfraGard sharing valuable information that benefited investigations, brings together representatives from the private and public sectors to help protect critical infrastructure and key resources from attacks by terrorists, criminals.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Terrorists plotting and scheming anonymously online, posting videos on how to build backpack bombs to bio-weapons.  Spies, hired cyber mercenaries, and criminal syndicates hacking into government networks, attempting to steal national sensitive secrets. Hackers using information about a business and its employees to create bogus e-mails that give back door into company network and window into everything it does.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
The pornographic images spotted online by Canadian authorities in 2007.  Images contained clues that helped investigators rescue victims and convict criminals.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
With holiday shopping, crooks and scammers are active to steal money and personal information. On first Monday after Thanksgiving FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) issued an alert reminding shoppers to be cautious with money and personal information.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Highly sophisticated and orchestrated crime:   thieves across the globe simultaneously, with cloned or stolen debit cards and PINs, hit more than 2,100 money machines in at least 280 cities on three continents, in such countries as the U.S., Canada, Italy, Hong Kong, Japan, Estonia, Russia, and the Ukraine, within 12 hours.  $9 million in cash.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Cyber thieves “phish” for personal information such as usernames, passwords, and financial account details by tricking users into thinking their sensitive information is being given to trusted websites when, in fact, the sites are traps. The criminals targeted U.S. banks and victimized hundreds and possibly thousands of account holders by stealing their financial information and using it to transfer about $1.5 million to bogus accounts they controlled. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Scam being perpetrated by Nigerian criminals in a number of U.S. states, victims are solicited by Nigerian criminals to transfer money out of the U.S. and into the criminals’ accounts for low cost rentals that don’t exist.  Millions of dollars annually.CRMRental FraudCLSFCTN
Items offered for sale on legitimate online auction sites to lure unsuspecting victims into online auction fraud schemes.  Most of the one million-plus transactions that take place each day on these websites are legitimate; just a fraction actually result in some type of fraud.CRMAuction Fraud - FakeCLSFCTN
RSA Conference largest gathering of computer security professionals anywhere. Thousands of cyber security pros from every industry and from across the world, networking for sharing latest technologies and best practices:  botnets, cryptography, cyber warfare, hacking, cloud computing, data privacy, and insider and critical infrastructure threats.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Customers of a telecommunications firm received an bogus e-mail, asked to go to bogus company website via a link in e-mail to provide personal information (birthdates, Social Security numbers). Case of “phishing” which is a virtual trap set by cyber thieves that uses official-looking e-mails to lure victims to fake websites for revealing your personal information.  It’s also an example “spear phishing”:  target select groups of people with something in common: work at the same company, bank at the same financial institution, attend the same college, order merchandise from the same website, etc. The e-mails are ostensibly sent from organizations or individuals the potential victims would normally get e-mails from, making them even more deceptive.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Reports of Internet scams and their financial toll continued to grow in 2008, according to the latest data by the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), which operates a website, www.ic3.gov, to collect and refer public complaints about Internet fraud.  In 2008, more than $264 million was lost in 275,284 complaints—an average of $931 for every complaint—according to the 2008 Internet Crime Report, released March 30. Almost one-third of the complaints were for non-delivery of merchandise purchased online; auction fraud accounted for one in four complaints.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
The FBI Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), a partnership with the nonprofit National White Collar Crime Center, can plot a scammer’s location on a map, along with their victims, and then go after them.  In any given month IC3’s website gets about 20,000 complaints. Agents and analysts wade through them to find patterns and trends, and then go after the scammers by sending the investigative leads to law enforcement agencies or FBI field offices.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Operation Joint Hammer has resulted in the rescue of young girl victims being sexually abused by pornographers. Approximately 170 people have been arrested, more than 60 of them U.S. citizens. Seven major child pornography rings, hosting the worst of the worst, have been dismantled. And the investigation is far from complete. So far, the FBI and our U.S. partners have conducted more than 250 searches as part of the operation.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Cyber crooks use online forums to advertise illegal wares, buy and sell computer viruses, and traffic in stolen identities for huge profits.  For about $30 cyber crooks anywhere in the world can buy a blank credit card, complete with the holographic security markings used by legitimate credit card companies. They can buy equipment to encode someone’s stolen identity information onto the card. And they can buy software to verify that the unsuspecting victim’s credit is good, so that anyone using the phony card will not raise suspicions at the checkout counter. CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Top cyber exec says cyber threat growing in sophistication, from two dozen nations taking an “aggressive interest” in stealing secrets to new virtual gangs pooling their talents to launch coordinated attacks and crimes.  But partnerships are emerging globally to deal with rising cyber crime.  Department of Homeland Security (DHS) helps educate the public on the shared responsibility of protecting cyberspace.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
A group of cyber criminals established a forum on the Internet called “Dark Market,” where they bought and sold stolen financial information such as credit card data, login credentials (user names and passwords), and even electronic equipment for carrying out financial crimes.  This criminal network had over 2,500 registered members, who all believed they were operating in a protected cyber environment because they went to great lengths to vet members and to weed out undesirable elements.CRMTrafficking in Illegal Goods (selling things that are stolen or counterfeit)CLSFCTN
Criminals and spies using Internet to commit crimes against U.S. businesses and to attack government networks are getting more sophisticated.  Increasing number of crimes impacts the economy and threatens national security. FBI and international partners takedown transnational criminal network that was buying and selling stolen financial information through an online forum known as “Dark Market.”  Malicious attacks that deny access to websites, that compromise sensitive information, or that introduce “botnets” that spread viruses and covertly co-opt computers to carry out data theft.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
The exploitation of children has evolved from lone predators with limited reach to global communities of pedophiles on the Internet, exchanging videos via encrypted websites, flash drives, and cell phones capable of storing thousands of images.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Criminals with links to global organized crime, working out of Romania, U.S., Pakistan, Portugal, and Canada conducting engineering cyber-based “phishing.”  Bogus e-mail from your bank or trusted institution cons victims into providing personal information (PINs, social security numbers, credit card information, etc.)  “Smishing” is same scam via text messaging.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
68,000 Wi-Fi “hot spots” in the U.S. at airports, coffee shops, hotels, bookstores, schools, and other locations. Many hot spots have secure networks, some do not. And connecting to an unsecure network can leave you vulnerable to attacks from hackers.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Criminals bilking victims in  U.S. by selling bogus credit card protection plans over the phone. All of the victims were elderly, and many lost their life savings. Elderly are an attractive target for con artists.  Many seniors have a “nest egg.” They’re less likely to report a fraud because they don’t know where to go or they’re too embarrassed to talk about it. If they do report the crime, it’s sometimes hard for them to remember exact details. CRMMiscellaneous FraudCLSFCTN
Pet Scams - you never get the pet; the scam takes your money. Secret Shoppers and Funds Transfer Scams - you’re paid by check and asked to wire a percentage of the money to a third party; check is bad and you’re out the money you sent.  Adoption and Charity Frauds - spam e-mail asking for a pressing donation to a charity and often using the subject header, name of a real charity used, but the money is going to a con artist.  Romance Fraud - online dating or social networking site who lives far away or in another country; wants to meet, but needs money to cover travel expenses; will ask for more money.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Cyber attacks are borderless crimes impacting millions of people and systems worldwide.  Global law enforcement community building operational partnerships, joint investigations, collaborations, task forces, sharing intelligence, swapping tools and best practices, and strengthening and synchronizing their respective laws.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Child pornography network was exposed via global law enforcement operation spanning five countries, three continents, and 11 U.S. states. 22 men have been arrested.  20 victims have been rescued.  Investigative efforts to identify and rescue more victims are continuing. Images and videos were posted, traded, and trafficked using powerful encryption tools to keep the operation secret and a multi-layered system to vet new members. CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Swatting involves calling 9-1-1 and faking an emergency that draws a response from law enforcement, usually a SWAT team.  These calls are dangerous to first responders and to the victims. The callers often tell tales of hostages about to be executed or bombs about to go off. The community is placed in danger as responders rush to the scene, taking them away from real emergencies. And the officers are placed in danger as unsuspecting residents may try to defend themselves.CRMComputer Abuse (other or unknown)CLSFCTN
This threat involves ‘botnets’ which are armies of personal computers taken over by cyber criminals and used to commit all kinds of mischief, from identity theft to denial of service attacks to massive spam campaigns. In June, Operation Bot Roast pinpointed more than a million victimized computers and charged a number of individuals with various cyber-related crimes.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN
In Estonia waves of data requests from computers around the world shut down banks and emergency phone lines, gas stations and grocery stores, newspapers and television stations, even the prime minister’s office.  The source of this attack has not been confirmed.  Caused people to lose the Internet, e-mail, surf the web, access to our data, connectivity, intellectual property, security.   Also, growing intersection of terror and the web is apparent.  Also, rise of Botnets, networks of computers taken over by hackers which can wreak havoc, from shutting down a power grid to flooding an emergency call center with millions of spam messages.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN
A potentially deadly threat that FBI ran to ground in short order with the help of partners. Message posted on Internet threatening attack at San Diego State University in Southern California.  FBI took that threat very seriously, realizing that lives could be at risk from a potential copycat shooter. FBI field office in San Diego quickly opened an investigation, pursued quickly with cooperation of university police, already established as working relationship.CRMOther Threatening BehaviorCLSFCTN
Bot-herders are hackers who install malicious software on computers through the Internet without the owners’ knowledge that controls the computer remotely.  Some botnets are huge: tens of thousands of infected computers. As a result of Operation Bot Roast, an ongoing and coordinated initiative to disrupt and dismantle these bot-herders, FBI identified about 1 million computers across the country that have been compromised.  Operation Bot Roast was launched because the national security implications of the growing botnet threat. The hackers may use the computers themselves, or they may rent out their botnets to the highest bidder. The more computers they control, the more they can charge their clients.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN
It is illegal to gamble online in the United States.  That means: no placing cyber bets on sporting events or in virtual card games; no transferring money electronically for gambling; and no wagers in offshore Internet casinos even if you live in the U.S.  What’s allowed? Some free online games, fantasy leagues, and Indian gaming sites that aren’t strictly defined as Internet gambling.  It’s also illegal for businesses to run gambling websites and to solicit online bets. Even companies handling transactions for cyberspace bettors can face federal charges. FBI strategy for tackling illegal online gambling is to start with the companies providing the services in the first place, the people making the money, the owners of these virtual casinos, gaming rooms, and off-track betting parlors.CRMOnline GamblingCLSFCTN
Wireless Internet or network connection:  Wireless Encryption Protocol (WEP) is vulnerable to hackers. WEP is lowest level of security that comes with a new wireless network. Hackers know that most people don’t even bother to set up password protection, and when they do, they simply use the default. That can be a boon to “war drivers,” people who drive around looking for unsecured wireless Internet access points to hijack. After they tap into the connection, they can send spam or steal computer’s data.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Captain Lovell, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom for safely bringing Apollo 13 and its crew home: the Medal of Freedom originally cast for him, but replaced due to a defect prior a 1970 presentation ceremony, was up for bid on an Internet auction site.  Since the medal still technically belongs to the White House, the collector’s possession of it amounts to theft of government property. The actual medal presented to Captain Lovell by President Nixon is still in his possession.CRMStolen Property OffensesCLSFCTN
2006 annual report issued by our Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), shows how criminals used the ‘Net to launch varieties of fraud.  Types of fraud: online auction fraud (getting a different product than you expected); undelivered merchandise or payments; identity theft; investment fraud; cyberstalking; phishing; spoofing; spamming. CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Criminals using VoIP to hijack identities and steal money, called “vishing.”  Vishing scheme:  you get the typical e-mail, like a traditional phishing scam, but instead of being directed to an Internet site, you’re asked to provide the information over the phone and given a number to call. Those who call the “customer service” number (a VoIP account, not a real financial institution) are led through a series of voice-prompted menus that ask for account numbers, passwords, and other critical information. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Criminal getting money from “donations” and ads on his site while his pirated version of the game, “Lineage II,” was siphoning $750,000 a month in potential revenues from the company.  Criminal obtained the “Lineage” proprietary source code from an unprotected website, then placed on the underground market, where people bought it. Criminal then passed it to his business partner, who set up a website to offer the “Lineage” game at a discount. Gamers , 50,000 active users, paid criminal instead of legitimate game owner.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN
Fraud appears in many ways.  Mortgage fraud; Internet fraud via bogus online auctions and non-delivery of goods; Telemarketing Fraud where victims give personal or financial information to unknown callers; Nigerian Letters or “419” Fraud offers the recipient the “opportunity” to share in a percentage of millions of dollars; Identity Fraud; “Ponzi” Scheme investment fraud.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
The IC3 was founded a partnership between the FBI and the National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C), a nonprofit organization which assists state and local law enforcement in fighting cyber and economic crime. IC3 is central repository and analytical resource addressing all Internet-related crime complaints, which are reviewed by FBI and NW3C analysts and analyzed to identify leads and patterns. IC3 then refers the complaints, along with their analyses, to FBI field offices or other federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
FBI Director Robert Mueller says child pornographers are going further underground, using file-sharing networks and encrypted websites, concealing their financial mechanisms through a maze of online payment services, using stolen credit cards, traveling to foreign countries to exploit minors. FBI has more resources devoted to stopping child predators than ever before, and more initiatives with more partners around the world dedicated to the same mission.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Dangers lurking in cyberspace.  malicious code (viruses, worms, Trojan horses, etc.) that can disable or take over your computer without your knowledge; pedophiles who prowl the web, looking to exploit your kids; con artists and organized criminals who use the ‘net as a cloak of anonymity to suck you into their scams, steal your identity, and rob you of your hard-earned money.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN
InfraGard has goal of preventing and responding to potentially disabling attacks on the nation’s physical and electronic infrastructure (banks, water and food supplies, transportation and telecommunications networks, energy systems, emergency services, etc.) by terrorists, spies, hackers..  Identify strategies, and information on how to protect U.S. critical infrastructures from computer intrusions, terrorist threats, physical security breaches, and other attacks. Government and law enforcement officials intelligence sharing initiatives involving current critical infrastructure threats and vulnerabilities:  rail and transit security, first response plans, cyber threats, gang violence, pandemic flu, financial crime trends, water and border security, food and agriculture safety, health care fraud, computer forensics, and post-disaster business continuity.CRMvariousCLSFCTN
Identity theft for financial gain, get a job, to get healthcare, or to commit a different crime. Criminal needs your personal information:  name, home address, and birth date provide a good start and are readily available in many easily searchable public databases. Social security number, which is a more difficult identifier to steal and is also the key to unlocking your credit, is so important to an identity thief that you must protect it.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Protect Your Workplace: Physical Security Guidelines, including monitoring who enters workplace, reporting broken windows and locks, making back-ups of sensitive and critical information, and reporting suspicious activity and packages.  Protect, passwords, establish clear policies and procedures, implement a layered defense strategy, and monitor and log successful or failed intrusions into networks.  Report Suspicious Cyber Incidents, including suspicious e-mails and questions, system failures, and unauthorized access or use.  CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
You respond to an online job ad; contacted via e-mail for a fake interview; asked for bank account information in order to “direct deposit” your paychecks. Criminals drain your account.  Or, you get an e-mail from a recruiter or company that’s hiring wanting to know all your personal details for a pre-employment background check. This information is used to steal your identity. CRMBusiness/Employment FraudCLSFCTN
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of copyrighted work is illegal. “Cammers” use digital cameras to record first-run movies off theater screens;  convert the video into a limited number of Master DVDs; sell to “wholesalers”; “Wholesalers” make copies from the masters; buy high-quality paper inserts from “printers” for packaging in DVD cases. Then “wholesalers” sell a Master DVD and printed inserts to “retailers.”  “Retailers” make still more copies of the DVDs, which they package with the legitimate-looking inserts and sell out of storefronts.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN
Identity theft is an increasingly insidious and pervasive problem. FBI addresses causes, early detection, and prevention of identity fraud and theft; evolving threat from cyber criminals, insiders, and organized crime groups; impact and role of policy decisions, legislation, and regulatory actions; improvement of identity theft authentification systems to reduce fraud and improper payments, and protect national security; and the role of enabling technologies to protect information, facilitate privacy, and share information.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Security breaches across U.S. compromised thousands of credit and debit cards. Thefts were card numbers and personal identification numbers (PIN) on thousands of individual debit cards. Cyber Division, cautions card holders to protect what criminals want:  information about you and your assets; information that can be bought, bartered, and sold on the Internet in forums to trade bundled stolen card numbers like commodities on an exchange.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
 “Zombies ” are Internet computers infected with malicious codes known as “bots” (short for “robots”) that secretly connect these PCs to websites or chat rooms where they can be controlled remotely.  It’s a growing problem. Some experts, for example, believe that networks of zombies—also called “botnets”—now send up to three-quarters of all spam. The collective force of botnets is also being used to launch major distributed denial-of-service attacks, knocking websites offline by overwhelming them with visits.CRMComputer Abuse (other or unknown)CLSFCTN
Connecticut Computer Crimes Task Force (CCCTF) arrested two men for using an online social networking site to arrange sexual encounters with underage girls. A lot of kids these days are using social networking sites to meet other kids with similar interests. Parents should educate themselves and their children. Increase in child predators using them to target kids. Parents should become familiar with these sites and explain to their kids how to stay safe on them.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Criminal groups stealing copyrighted music, movies, games, and software from the Internet, processing them, and distributing them through peer-to-peer (P2P) or file-sharing networks. Known as \"warez release groups,\" these syndicates are highly organized: Plants in music, film, and software industries supply the newest/hottest items to the groups. \"Crackers\" strip out the embedded source codes and insert new trademarks. \"Q&A\" test the product to make sure it works. Distributors transmit the items through networks.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN
A citizen in Denmark who discovered that an Internet e-group was being used to exchange child pornography. After we analyzed the material and got a search warrant, we determined that some of the images were from a home in the United States where the father had installed hidden cameras in his daughter\'s bedroom and bathroom. The father, a member of an e-group, was immediately arrested.   CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Virtual Threat, Real Terror: Cyberterrorism in the 21st Century.  The Internet with national infrastructure systems has created a whole new landscape to commit crimes, and a whole new set of tools to commit them, which terrorists and criminals are using.  Using Internet tools to launch cyber-attacks on infrastructure systems in tandem with physical attacks potentially paralyzing a city, a region, even the nation.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN
Swiping copyright-protected digital copies of music, movies, software, and games and distributing them through websites, chat rooms, mass email, FTP, and peer-to-peer networks is intellectual property theft.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN
The problem is how to keep kids safe when they’re online:  1) blocking and locking up the dangers and 2) teaching kids (and parents) how to be smart about avoiding them.  FBI is working in schools across the country to teach kids smart Internet habits.  FBI experience investigating online pornographers and predators makes its advice especially persuasive to kids who might run into them.CRMCyber-Stalking/Forum AbuseCLSFCTN
Criminals engaged in a profitable spamming venture:  sent hundreds of e-mails world-wide that tricked people into giving out personal information (known as \"phishing.\")  They exchanged information on \"spamming\" (sending mass unsolicited e-mails) and \"carding\" (using stolen credit cards). They hacked and obtained a large online service provider\'s customer user names and passwords, allowing them access to that provider\'s chat rooms where they unleashed several spamming programs, including a particular one known as \"Green Eggs and Spam.\" The company\'s subscribers were flooded with spam messages claiming to be from \"Security\" asking for updated credit card information and linked to a phony \"Billing Center\" webpage. But in fact, the info went to web-based e-mail accounts accessed by the criminals. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN
Sexual exploitation of children via the Internet. FBI created its Innocent Images National Initiative (IINI) with goals: to break up networks of online pedophiles, to stop sexual predators from using the Internet to lure children from their families, and to rescue victims. FBI agents work these cases, some pose as teenagers or pre-teens in chat rooms to identify “travelers” who seek to meet and abuse children. Others focus on dismantling major child exploitation enterprises.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN
Criminals hacked into the National Science Foundation’s Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station science research facility and demanded money or else they would sell the Station’s data to another country.  Email threat read: “I’ve hacked into the server of your South Pole Research Station,” it read. “Pay me off, or I will sell the station’s data to another country.” The email contained data found only on South Pole computer systems, demonstrating that it was not a hoax. Also, they threatened that the South Pole network had been widely penetrated, potentially with harmful software that would cause harm if triggered by the hacker.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding how to remain secure and avoid scams during the holiday season (and specifically the online shopping day Cyber Monday).  The announcement provides basic details regarding the most common scams on this day including fraudulent ads/sales, gift card scams, and phishing attacks.  Tips for avoiding the common scams are provided (such as contacting sellers directly, being wary of overseas sellers, inquiring about warranty and return policies, and using a credit card if the credit card company allows you to dispute charges). Finally, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for people already affected.CRMCLSFCTN
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Hungarian woman was sentenced for her participation in an Internet-based vehicle fraud scheme. Beata Edina Wagnerne Abonyi pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud as well as the false use of a passport.  Abonyi and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay and AutoTrader.com) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Abonyi and her co-conspirators, they were instructed to send payment using fake third party sites.  After submitting the payment using the false sites, the defendant transferred the money to overseas accounts and no vehicle was ever provided to the “buyers”.  Abonyi was identified as having scammed more than $350,000 from victims in the process.  Abonyi was sentenced to one year in federal prison and ordered to pay $355,107 in restitution. CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
A man who hacked into computer systems operated by the Jefferson County, Alabama Sheriff’s Office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison.  Jeremy Hammond (aka “Anarchaos”) hacked into multiple computers including the Sheriff’s Office systems and the FBI’s Virtual Academy training system.  No other information regarding the crime is provided.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
An Omaha police officer was sentenced to three years probation and fined $8,000 after utilizing a protected system for personal gain.  Kevin Cave was granted access to the Nebraska Criminal Justice Information System (NCJIS) as part of his job as a police officer.  However, Cave used the system (which contained sensitive information) for his own personal gains by assisting a relative’s car dealership locate cars for repossession.  Cave, receiving approximately $200 per successful lead, received over $16,000 during the two and half years he unlawfully accessed the system.CRMMiscellaneous FraudCLSFCTN
A man who hacked into computer systems operated by the Jefferson County, Alabama Sheriff’s Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Strategic Forecasting Inc. (“Stratfor”), Brooks-Jeffrey Marking Inc., Special Forces Gear, Vanguard Defense Industries, Combined Systems Inc., the Arizona Department of Public Safety, and the Boston Police Patrolmen’s Association was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison.  Jeremy Hammond (aka “Anarchaos”) along with other members of an Anonymous offshoot organization, “AntiSec”, hacked into (among others) Stratfor systems and obtained access to sensitive information for over 860,000 clients.  In addition, Hammond and his associates took credit card information from over 60,000 users, making more than $700,000 in fraudulent purchases.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(No Crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the Ransomware software CryptoLocker.  Malicious email attachments, once opened, download and install the software onto victim machines and begin encrypting files.  The software then displays a message onto the screen indicating that the user must pay a “ransom” of $300 in order to decrypt the files before the specified time is up.  Since the key used for encryption is stored on a remote server by the attackers, there is no way to decrypt the files (and no guarantee that paying will result in the files being decrypted).  The FBI suggests that should this attack occur, files should be restored from a clean backup of the machine.  In addition, tips regarding safe email/browsing habits are provided.CRMCLSFCTN
(No Crime) This news is an announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the addition of five individuals to their “Cyber’s Most wanted” list.  The individuals (Farhan Arshad, Noor Aziz Uddin, Carlos Perez-Melara, Andrey Nabilevich Taame, and Alexsey Belan) have participated in cyber crimes including the telecommunication international revenue share fraud, computer/account hacking, spyware, and wire fraud.CRMCLSFCTN
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A detective with the New York Police Department (NYPD) pleaded guilty to computer and account hacking.  Edwin Vargas, assigned to a Bronx precinct, used e-mail and phone hacking services to access accounts belonging to other NYPD officers and employees.  Vargas paid more than $4,000 for the services to access accounts from at least 30 individuals including 43 personal e-mail accounts and a cellular phone.  In addition, Vargas unlawfully accessed the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database in order to look up information for personal reasons (including on other officers).  Vargas faces a prison sentence of up to two years.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
A Romanian man was extradited back to the United States on charges of wire fraud, passport fraud, and money laundering.  Aurel Cojocaru allegedly participated in a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that targeted victims on US Internet marketplaces.  Cojocaru was responsible for creating fraudulent passports in order to open bank accounts in the US.  High-value ads were placed for sale on several marketplaces (such as eBay and Cars.com) and victims were lured into sending payment for nonexistent merchandise.  Once the money was obtained, it was transferred out to international banks.  Cojocaru and his coconspirators allegedly stole more than $3 million over the course of the scheme.  Cojocaru faces a maximum of 20 years imprisonment for each charge against him.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
Matthew James West was sentenced to two years probation, 250 hours of community service, computer monitoring, and ordered to pay $2,445.96 in restitution after being convicted of hacking into the computer systems of a Pittsburgh law firm.  A previous firm employee and her husband devised a hack into firm computing systems with West in retaliation over being fired.  West used login information from the previous employee and installed spyware onto the servers in order to capture passwords.  West then emailed a partner at the firm warning them that the firm’s systems had been compromised and that the information was being used as part of a “routine business check” and could be used against them if needed.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
Rodney Termini of Illinois was sentenced to 13 months in federal prison and ordered to pay $45,955 in restitution after sending threats over the Internet via the Facebook social media site.  Termini utilized someone else’s account on Facebook to post two threats to Con-Way Freight’s page indicating the presence of a bomb at one of Con-Way’s facilities.  These posts were made on the same day as the Boston Marathon bombing.  Several of Con-Way’s facilities were evacuated and searched with the assistance of law enforcement.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN
A New Jersey man faces up to five years in federal prison after posting information on a public site in order to intimidate fear.  Yousef Mohamid Al-Khattab (a.k.a. Joseph Cohen), the leader of the “Revolution Muslim” Internet site, posted vides and information containing detailed information regarding the locations of several Jewish organizations and synagogues with the message that they needed to be held responsible (indicating that physical violence was needed).  The Revolution Muslim site encourages Muslims to participate in violent jihad (through support to organizations/people such as  Osama bin Laden, Anwar Al Awlaki, al Qaeda, and the Taliban).CRMTerrorist RecruitingCLSFCTN
An English man, Lauri Love, was charged with multiple counts of hacking into protected computer systems operated by US government agencies.  Between October 2012 and August 2013, Love and his conspirators gained unauthorized access to secure systems operated by the US Department of Energy (DOE), the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the US Sentencing Commission, and the Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory.  Once on the systems, Love was able to access files and data for the agencies (including personnel information) as well as manipulate the websites.  Love faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
An English man, Lauri Love, was indicted with multiple counts of hacking into protected computer systems operated by US government agencies.  Between October 2012 and October 2013, Love and his conspirators gained unauthorized access to secure systems operated by the US Army, US Missile Defense Agency, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and NASA. Love faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine for each of the two charges.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(Illegal Business, 10140000, Hacking, 10080006, Business/Employment Fraud, 10100000) The Manhattan U.S. Attorney announced the seizure of approximately 144,336 Bitcoins from computer systems used by Ross Ulbricht, a 29-year old resident of San Francisco, for the operation of “Silk Road”.  This hidden website operated on the Tor network (to conceal access) and provided users with access to a wide range of illegal substances, services, and items (more than 13,000).  The site was used in more than 10 different countries and utilized Bitcoin for payment (also providing a method of concealing user access/use).  The Bitcoins, with the previously seized 29,655, are worth over $33.6 million at the time of the article.CRMDrug/Narcotic OffensesCLSFCTN
Thomas E. Ray was charged with one count of extortion after using an alias to send an email to the commonwealth of Kentucky threatening to “injure the reputation of the University of Louisville Athletic Association.”  Ray attempted to extort $3.5 million from the association.  He faces two years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN
Fugitive Romanian members of an international organized crime syndicate were charged with running a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that targeted victims on US Internet marketplaces.  The fugitives were responsible for placing ads for high-value goods on several marketplaces (such as eBay and Cars.com) and victims were lured into sending payment for nonexistent merchandise.  Once the money was obtained, it was transferred out to international banks.  The fugitives allegedly stole more than $3 million over the course of the scheme, and wanted posters have been released for their capture.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN
(No Crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the 10th anniversary for the National Cyber Security Awareness Month in October.  It expresses the strong interest in cyber security for the FBI as well as provides a list of tips and websites for remaining more secure online.CRMCLSFCTN
Alyson and Jonathan Cunningham were each sentenced to three years probation, 300 hours of community service, computer monitoring, and ordered to pay $2,445.96 in restitution after being convicted of participating in hacking into the computer systems of a Pittsburgh law firm.  A previous firm employee, Alyson and her husband devised a hack into firm computing systems with Matthew West in retaliation over being fired.  West used login information from Alyson and installed spyware onto the servers in order to capture passwords.  West then emailed a partner at the firm warning them that the firm’s systems had been compromised and that the information was being used as part of a “routine business check” and could be used against them if needed.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
(Hacking, 10080006) A Bulgarian man was extradited to the United States after being charged with stealing credit/debit information as well as hacking into accounting firm networks to steal tax filing information.  Vanyo Minkov utilized various techniques (such as ATM skimming) to steal the credit/debit card data for more than 100,000 accounts and sold them online.  In addition Minkov used previous year’s tax information stolen from accounting firms to file fraudulent tax returns, resulting in about $56 million losses.  Minkov faces multiple charges, with federal prison times between 5 and 30 years and fines between $250,000 and $1 million for each charge.CRMTrafficking in Illegal Goods (selling things that are stolen or counterfeit)CLSFCTN
(Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) The FBI arrested Jared James Abrahams, a Temecula college student, for computer hacking and extortion.  Abrahams is accused of hacking into the social media and email accounts of as many as 150 women, taking control of their social postings, email, and even their computers.  Once he gained access to incriminating files (such as nude photos), Abrahams allegedly extorted the women into providing more photos or submitting to Skype sessions in which Abrahams directed them what to do.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN
Three Texas men were sentenced after being found guilty of participating in the hacking of a corporate network.  Michael Musacchio, Joseph Roy Brown, and John Michael Kelly left Excel Transportation Services in order to start a new rival company called Total Transportation Services.  For almost two years, the three co-conspirators engaged in corporate espionage by hacking into their previous employer’s networks in order to access email accounts and confidential/proprietary information.  The men received sentences ranging from 12 months probation to 63 months in federal prison and restitution may also be ordered.CRMHackingCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMCLSFCTN
CRMIllegal blocking of public spectrumCLSFCTN0
CRMdrug dealing, murder attempt, operating website facilitating illegal activitesCLSFCTN0
A spyware application named Stealth Genie was shut down in September when the US District Judge Leonie M. Brinkeman ended marketing and sales of the app.  The app could be installed on mobile devices without the user’s knowledge and the purchaser of the app then could monitor and intercept calls, monitor emails and texts, and activate the phone all without the user’s awareness.  
App creator, Mr. Hammad Akbar, of Pakistan, was arrested in Los Angeles, CA in September 2014 for violation of a law that prohibits manufacture, sale, or possession of any device which main function is clandestine interception of oral, wire, or electronic communications.  Mr. Akbar pled guilty.  
The case was a result of collaboration between the FBI, US Department of Justice and US Attorney’s office for Eastern District of Virginia.
CRMSpywareCLSFCTN10080004
Pursuant to a Dallas FBI investigation, a US District Court Judge sentenced a Dallas man to 63 months in federal prison and a fine of $890,250 after he pleaded guilty to 3 separate hacking offenses.  Mr. Barrett Brown, 33 years old, is a member of the hacking group Anonymous.

Mr. Brown pleaded guilty in April 2014, in the Northern District of Texas.  The first offense was transmitting a threat to an FBI special agent in interstate commerce.  The next two offenses are for aiding and abetting an individual with unauthorized access to a computer and interfering with the execution of a search warrant on the other party’s involvement.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
DEA’s New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force, which is comprised of many different federal and state agencies, was praised for its efforts in the conviction of a Bitcoin exchanger by the name of Robert M. Faiella. Mr. Faiella plead guilty to transmitting $1 million on Bitcoins to persons in order for them to buy illegal drugs on a web market named Silk Road.

According to court documents, Failelle ran the Bitcoin scheme from December 2011 to October 2012.  Using the name “BTCKing”, Failelle fulfilled orders using a company called BitInstant based in New York.  The purpose of BitInstant is to sell Bitcoins to people without requiring any personal information letting the purchasers remain anonymous.  BitInstant helped Failelle buy the coins and then sell them at a markup.

Not only did Failelle receive the prison sentence of four years but was ordered to surrender the $950,000 used in the operation and three years supervised release while his accomplice received two years in prison.  The prosecution was handled by several different agencies including Assistant United States Attorney Andrew Adams of the Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture Unit Assistant United States Attorney Andrew Adams of the Money Laundering and Asset Forfeiture Unit.
CRMDrug TraffickingCLSFCTN10090000
Nathan Leroux was charged and pleaded guilty to attempting to gain access to high technology companies in order to steal over $100 million in intellectual property and proprietary data.  Mr. Leroux and company targeted the Xbox gaming system and well known on line games.  The targeted games were “Gears of War”, “Call of Duty” and “FIFA”.  

Mr. Leroux was apprehended on June 16, 2014 while attempting to escape the country to Canada.  Mr. Leroux’s associates were also apprehended and plead guilty to the same conspiracy charge.  All three remain in custody until the hearings which are scheduled in April 2015.  One of the defendants is from Canada which is significant because it represents the first time a foreign-based person has been convicted of hacking into a US business to teal trade secrets.

 Working together, the defendants gained illegal access to companies such as Zombie Studios, Epic Games Inc., Microsoft Corporation and Valve Corporation.  They stole company financial data as well as other proprietary data such as unreleased software, code, and trade secrets.  They were mainly interested in software containing technical specifications and code for the Xbox One platform and Xbox Live.  The defendants attempted to make counterfeit copies of the Xbox One prior to official release and sell them in the Republic of Seychelles.  In addition, Leroux also generated coins used in the FIFA games and sold them on the black market.

The total cost of the crime is estimated to be between $100 to $200 million.  The case is being investigated not only by US authorities but authorities in Canada and Australia.
CRMHacking/ Theft of Intellectual PropertyCLSFCTN10080006
In and around the last quarter of the calendar year in 2011 the FBI arrested in Atlanta GA Mr. Nwaki for his role in an Internet fraud ring that stole more than $1.3 million.  According to documents files for the case the ring employed \"phishing\" attacks through fraudulent web page mimic\'ing e-commerce companies e.g., banks and payroll processors. The Unwitting consumer, under an expectation of privacy, visited and interacted with these fake sites.  The Internet fraud ring then collected confidential personal and financial information. With these stolen identities the ring set off to turn the stolen data into real money. By creating fake ID\'s, such as drivers licenses, they withdrew from banks. Or, produced fake checks with copied signature for redemption. 
Mr. Jwaki pleaded guilty to wire fraud conspiracy, wire fraud, aggravated identity theft, and conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to computers.  Both the wire fraud conspiracy and wire fraud each carry a 20 years sentence in prison the other counts count for 7 additional years.  Others were arrested in connection to this crime and are either awaiting trial or are considered innocent unless proven guilty. CRMWire fraud conspiracy; Wire fraud; Aggravated identity theft; and Conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to computersCLSFCTN0
Operation Wreaking hAVoC both the FBI and Justice Department targeted the sales of stolen credit card number via the Internet. In total 36 web sights were taken off line. Through the agencies efforts and partners around the world it show cases that no one agency disable this global threat to consumers and credit service industries. These web sights, commonly referred to as Automated Vending Cards (AVCs) acted as clearing houses and markets for stolen credit cards.  An AVC is like a online store with a shopping cart and everything. Some AVCs allow the purchaser to be selective.  A buyer can choose country of origin, how many, credit limits, etc..  Seems that criminal market places are just like shopping at Amazon.com. CRMIllegal sale and distribution of stolen credit card numbers CLSFCTN0
Mr. Patrick Gunn of Montgomery AL is facing charges of child pornography, Interstate extortion, Facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity, and  Possession of child pornography.  The indictment only contains charges, and the defendant is presumed innocent until the government proves the defendant guilt. If convicted he is facing from 15 to 100 years in federal prison and could be ordered to spend the rest of his life on supervised release.  The date of the beginning of the trial was set to September 10, 2012. 
Allegation suggest that Mr. Gunn used social media to contact 14 to 15 year old girls. It was reported that he used scams to gain false confidence of the children, coerced them in giving simple but guilt ridden information.  Once a foot hold is established the correspondence turned threatening while escalating demands ranging from exposure to video creation. CRMChild pornography, Interstate extortion, Facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity, and  Possession of child pornography CLSFCTN0
Mr. Zhazalyk a citizen of Kazakhstan who entered the US on a student via pleaded guilty in Huston Federal court to money laundering. Mr. Zhazalyk and three co-conspirators were charged in the case. The \"hack and dump\" (aka, pump and dump) scam was as follows; The crew illegally access brokerage accounts and used them to purchase borrowed shares of stock at above-market value from the defendants personal brokerage accounts. These shares were then purchased by the co-conspirators actual accounts at a considerably lower market price. The borrowed shares were then returned to the stock lender and a profit was claimed. He created a false market with out a license and hacked into unwitting consumers account.  The penalty faced is 10 years in prison and $250,000 fine.CRMMoney launderingCLSFCTN0
CRMDaniyar Zhaxalyk, 25, a citizen from Kazakhstan who is in the US on a student visa admitted to laundering money obtained in a hack and dump stock scheme causing $400,000 in losses to the victims.  Zhaxalyk illegally accessed brokerage accounts and purchased borrowed shares of stock at above-market prices.  He then repurchased the borrowed shares at the lower market price, retureturned the shares to the lender and took the profit between the two prices.CLSFCTN10160001
If convicted, Gunn faces at least 15 years and up to 100 years in federal prison.CRMChristopher Patrick Gunn, 31, of Montgomery, AL was indicted by a federal grand jury of two counts of production of child pornography, three counts of interstate extortion, and three counts of using a facility of interstate commerce in furtherance of unlawful activity.  Gunn is also facing two counts of possessing child pornography in previous indictments.   Gunn repeatedly used computer and computer services to extort young girls into providing him photos of themselves in various stages of undress.CLSFCTN10210001
The person convicted for the crime, Jacob Allen Wilkens, was determined to be part of the hacker group Anonymous.  Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system, the group carried out a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the Angel Soft bathroom tissues site.  Angel Soft’s parent company Koch Industries was determined to be the target of the attack and incurred revenue losses of several hundred thousand dollars during the three-day attack. CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN125
Ross Ulbricht, a 29-year old resident of San Francisco, was charged with the ownership and operation of “Silk Road”.  This hidden website operated on the Tor network (to conceal access) and provided users with access to a wide range of illegal substances, services, and items (more than 13,000).  The site was used in more than 10 different countries and utilized Bitcoin for payment (also providing a method of concealing user access/use).  With tens of millions of dollars in commissions from the illegal site, Ulbricht is being charged with four crimes including engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to commit computer hacking.CRMDrug/Narcotic Offenses, Illegal Business, Hacking, Business/Employment FraudCLSFCTN58
Petr Murmylyuk, a Russian national living in Brooklyn, New York was sentenced to 30 months in prison and ordered to $505,357.79 in restitution after participating in a conspiracy to steal approximately $1M from brokerage firms.  Murmylyuk and his conspirators gained access to user accounts at the firms and then used stolen identity information to create new, “fake” accounts at different firms.  The conspirators then made “unprofitable and illogical” trades between the accounts, resulting in a loss for the legitimate users and a gain for the fake accounts.  These gains were then transferred to banks where they could then be accessed.  Affected brokerage firms included Scottrade, E*Trade, Fidelity, and Schwab.CRMFinancial Institution Fraud, Account Hacking, Identity TheftCLSFCTN1
The charged conspirators were reported to have copied and distributed copyrighted Android applications (“apps”) through alternative Android markets online.  This is being charged as a violation to the app owner’s copyright as it denies them the “fruits of their labor” in terms of payment for their work.  According to the article, more than two million distributions were made of the copyrighted apps through the Appbucket and SnappzMarket alternative online markets.CRMSoftware Piracy, Online Copyright InfringementCLSFCTN103
36 domain names of websites engaged in illegal sale and distribution of stolen credit cards were seized in Operation Wreaking hAVoC, a joint operation of the FBI, Department of Justice, and international law enforcement.  These 36 websites allowed users to purchase stolen credit card information and even allowed the customer to select the type of card, country of the card owner, and in some instances the state of the card owner.  These websites made it possible for sellers to traffic in stolen card numbers without directly communicating with the buyer.CRMCLSFCTN10070000
CRMWaya Nwaki plead guilty to one count of wire fraud conspiracy, wire fraud, aggravated identity theft, and conspiracy to gain unautorized access to computers in Neward Federal Court.  Nwaki was part of a ring that used \\\"phishing\\\" techniques including the use of fake web pages to collect confidential user information.  This information was then used to make unauthorized withdrawals from victims accounts.  Some of this information was also used to create fake driver\\\'s licenses which ring members used to impersonate victims at bank branches.  CLSFCTN10130002
Protect your computer by keeping software up to date.  If victimized, contact US CERT abd FBI ICCC.CRMRansomeware is getting more sophisticated.  Ransom is being demanded using Bitcoin which is harder to track than formerly used pre-paid cards.  Ransomeware seizes up your computer (denial of service attack) and/or threatens to destroy your data unless you pay the ransome.  Harder to avoid now since you may go to an infected website without knowing the danger.  Previously the malware came when you clicked executable files, which are easy to avoid if unknown.  CLSFCTN0
Do not give out any personal information over the telephone to strangers.  Do not put any personal information on social websites.CRMA bank robbery criminal ring used emails with Trojan horse virus named Zeus to infect computers in companies which enabled the ring to obtain user passwords, account numbers, and other data.  This data was used to transfer money from victims accounts, through a money laundering scheme, and then to the robbers.  Large companies that may have sophisticated cyber security software were avoided in favor of smaller companies.CLSFCTN0
Young people should be careful what they post on social websites since anyone, including criminals, can see it.  Post only what you would have anyone see.CRMSocial media websites are used by sex traffickers to lure unsuspecting girls into situations where they are essentially kidnapped, then forced into prostitution.  Young people should be careful what they post on social websites since anyone, including criminals, can see it.  Post only what you would have anyone see.CLSFCTN0
Change passwords often and keep computer antivirus software up to date.CRMCriminals obtain victim’s personal information through various means prior to this attack. Then they tie up your telephone line with denial-of-service attack.  Then they make transactions with your bank or other financial institution posing as you.  Bank cannot call to verify since your line is busy.  CLSFCTN0
There are many safety tips listed in the last section of the report.CRMThis report is a short summary of the major crimes committed in 2005 in the digital realm.  The report goes into great depth as to what type of crimes were committed, by whom, to whom, from where, and to where.  2005 proved to be the most costly year at the time for losses to cyber crime.  The total amount lost topped $183m, well over 2X the amount lost in 2004.  Although, admittedly that number is slightly skewed due to a few losses that were in the millions.  The total number of complaints was 231,493 in 2005, a jump of over 11% from 2004.  The most popular form of cyber crime in 2005 was online auction fraud.  This accounted for 62.7% of all complaints.  However, the amount lost per person was much less than the $5k lost on average per person to Nigerian letter fraud.  The majority of perpetrators and victims were male and from the US.   CLSFCTN0
The best practices section at the end includes the process of how to deal with and prevent cyber crimes.CRMThe 2006 IC3 report continues developing the story statistics provide about the cyber crimes in the US and the world.  In comparison to 2005, the number of complaints dropped slightly to 207,492, a drop of 10.4%.  However, the total dollar amount lost topped $190m.  This brought the total lost per complain up to $728. Internet auction fraud was still the most prevalent, topping 44% of all crimes, but was down from the previous total of over 60%.  Unfortunately, these percentage points fell into categories such as child pornography and identity theft.  Nigerian letter fraud continued to be the most profitable for the perpetrators, garnering $5,100 per case.  The majority of perpetrators and victims were males in the most populous states in the US.  Email and fake webpages were the most common vector for initial contact and attack.  Phishing also became more prevalent.CLSFCTN0
The best practices section at the end includes the process of how to deal with and prevent cyber crimes.CRMThe 2007 version of this report is the 7th annual release of this information.  The period covered had a slight decrease from the previous year down to only 206,884 complaints total.  However, again, the total amount of money lost increased.  The total in 2007 was $239.09m.  The total number of referred cases was up slightly to just over 90k, of which 72,226 reported lost monetary funds.  Auction fraud continued to dominate, but slid its lead down to 35.7%, half of what it was in 2005.  Non-delivery was at 24.9%. Investment fraud resulted in the highest losses per person at $3,547. Nigerian letter fraud dropped down to below $2000 per incident on average.  75% of perpetrators were male, but the percentage of female victims increased to nearly 50%, 42.4% to be exact.  The US continued to be the country with the most perpetrators and victims. Some of the largest frauds of 2007 included pet fraud, secret shoppers, charity fraud, and romance fraud.CLSFCTN0
The CEO of BitCoin participated in an illegal business essentially selling bitcoins without any records to customers through another (front) company (Bitinstant) to use as payment on the silk road website in order to buy illegal drugs.  CRMKnowingly transmitting nearly $1 million in Bitcoins intended to facilitate drug trafficking on “Silk Road,” a black-market website designed to enable users to buy and sell illegal drugs anonymously and beyond the reach of law enforcement. CLSFCTN10140001
Individuals using the internet to commit counterfeit crimes in multiple countries.  The individual used the internet to recruit people and pass counterfeit money to people for distribution.
CRMGustafson was charged by Ugandan authorities on Dec. 16 with conspiracy, possession of counterfeit, selling/dealing in counterfeit, and unlawful possession of ammunition.  Individual was charged in the US with conspiracy and counterfeiting acts committed outside of the U.S. When he lived in the United States, he mainly resided in Texas and Colorado.CLSFCTN10060000
The individual used the internet (EBay and other websites) to steal money from people that thought they were buying vehicles.  The individual created fake ads for vehicles and instructed buyers to send money to foreign bank accounts to make payment for the vehicle.  No vehicles were ever delivered.   In addition he used a fake/forged Belgium passport to establish the foreign bank accounts.  He was sentenced to 63 years in prison.CRMIndividual was indicted and convicted for conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud in connection with his participation in the online marketplace scheme and for the use and attempted use of a false, forged, and counterfeit Belgian passport. CLSFCTN10180000
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN10010000
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN10010000
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN10010000
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN10010000
In this FBI news item, Shawn Henry, who is the executive assistant director of the Criminal, Cyber, Response, and Services Branch), discusses cyber safety on his new video blog.  One of the disturbing topics he discusses is the threat of pedophiles (750,000 predators online at a given time) using the internet by to lure children (usually youngsters with low self-esteem, problems with their parents, or a shortage of money) to meet them for sex or get them to pose for sex tapes.  The common tactic they use is to pose as teenagers on social media sites.  They start by gaining the child’s trust by talking about seemingly innocent topics like sports or music (called grooming) and move on to encourage more risky behavior.  Some even use malware to turn on the victim’s web camera and microphone and record them in intimate situations and steal personal data to use this data to blackmail the victim into making sexual videos.  Some take it further and get the victim to meet in person so they can be abducted (more than 940 children under the age of 15 have been reported missing since 2004), raped, and/or murdered.  To help educate children (to date more than 120,000 students have completed the training) the FBI has developed a safe online surfing program to teach them about the internet and give them the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  They also help local law enforcement to identify and catch and prosecute predators (in 2010 more than 1000 predators arrested and last year more than 1100 convicted).  His message, it’s not just up to law enforcement parents need to take an active role by talking to their children about this topic, paying attention to what sites they are visiting, keeping computers in common areas, be aware that other devices (e.g. smartphone, PDA, gaming systems) should be monitored as well because the can be access the internet, and report improper online conduct to the local FBI office or the cyber tip line (www.cybertipline.com). CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item Special Agent Greg Wing, supervisor of a cyber squad in the Chicago field Office discuss the online child predator threat and how it continues to grow.  Whatever sites lure children will lure predators as well and it is believed that more than half a million pedophiles are online every day.  The FBI’s Innocent Images national Initiative has agents assigned that pursue predators and educate parents and teens about the dark side of the internet.  Predators often pretend to be teens or just troll social media sites looking for personal information on a child that can make them vulnerable to an attack.  Once they establish a connection and gain the child’s trust (can take days or weeks) they try to meet them or just try to collect pornographic images.  In the Chicago Office it was noted that about 70% of children will accept “friend” requests from complete strangers giving the predator an easy in to establishing a connection.  Special Agent Wesley says its not enough to just keep computers in common areas but “parents need to talk to their children about these issues.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMAdvance Fee FraudCLSFCTN10010000
CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN10080000
CRMdata breach CLSFCTN0
CRMrise in cybercrime, started as petty crimes rising in threat CLSFCTN0
James Howard Wheeler was arrested and charged with interstate stalking on Wednesday, February 27, 2013 by FBI agents and San Diego county Sheriff’s deputies. The investigation was conducted by the FBI’s Atlanta Field Office with assistance from San Diego field office.

After being warned to discontinue the threats by the FBI and sheriff’s office in 2012, Wheeler continued his threats of physical violence against his wife who was seeking a divorce.  Wheeler was charged with sending threatening telephone calls and posting threats of physical violence via Facebook to his estranged wife whom had moved to Georgia from San Diego.  
CRMStalkingCLSFCTN10150003
A federal jury in Dallas found Mr. Michael Musacchio, 61, of Plano, Texas, guilty for attempting to make unauthorized access to a protected computer as well as two additional counts of felony hacking on March 1, 2013.

Musacchio was the president of a third party logistics firm called Excel which facilitates business between shippers and common manufacturers.  In 2004, Musacchio started his own business and took two former employees with him.  The three hacked into Excel’s computer system to access emails and other proprietary information to use for the benefit of the new company.  The three men have all pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing in Texas as of June 2013.

The Dallas FBI Field Office investigated and the Assistant US Attorneys were the prosecutors.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
The leader of a “security research” hacking group was convicted of hacking into an AT&T server stealing emails, and personal information of 120,000 iPad 3G users. After the 27 YO man acquired the information, he disclosed the information to an internet magazine.

Andrew Auernheimer, 27, was tried by US District Judge who convicted him of hacking AT&T servers without authorization and informing “Gawker” magazine he did so successfully. After he realized he was in trouble, he changed his story to say he was attempting to make the internet more secure and he simply “Walked through an open door.” But according to the FBI, Auernheimer attempted to hide all of the evidence.  

Auernheimer used a hacking program called “Account Slurper” which was designed to harvest as many email addresses and associated ICCID (account identifier) as possible. The program also used “brute force” inundating the server with guesses of the ICC-ID ranges.  The hacker’s obtainer 120,000 accounts and immediately provided to “Gawker” which then published the information.  Several famous people’s information was exposed such as Diane Sawyer, Harvey Weinstein, the New York Mayor Bloomberg to name a few.

The hackers were members of “Goatse Security” and used a chat program, called Relay Chat, to communicate which demonstrated they were guilty. Auerheimer was sentenced to 41 month in prison as well as three years supervised release and a $73,162 fine.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Patrick Riccardi, 46, of Hoboken, was a management information specialist for the city of Hoboken who pleaded guilty of intercepting email meant for the mayor and top officials.  Riccardi pleaded guilty to unauthorized access of a computer, interception of wire traffic and disclosure of said information.  

Piccardi was the chief information technology officer for the mayor and top assistants.  He set up an archive folder designed to capture the incoming and outgoing mail of the mayor and two top lieutenants. He then read the emails and forwarded the emails to other employees.  Piccardi stated he read the emails to spy on the mayor and her assistants.  Piccardi is charges with three counts which carry affine of five years each and a $250,000 fine.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
The 10th Annual CSI/FBI Computer Crime and Security Survey, taken in 2005, shows the following:

1)  Total financial losses from attacks are down substantially
2)  Attacks on computer systems have been slowly but steadily decreasing
3)  Website defacements have increased greatly
4)  Inside jobs occur as often as external attacks
5)  Organizations primarily defend their systems through traditional means; firewalls, anti-virus software, intrusion detections systems, and server-based access control lists
6)  More organizations are conducting security audits
7)  Computer security investments per employee vary widely
8)  No increased use of outsourcing cybersecurity or insurance to manage risksCRMCLSFCTN0
Colleen Moss joined the FBI in 1997.  She has been involved in many searches and arrests of people producing and transmitting child pornography.  She has posed as a child on the Internet and investigated child porn websites and chat rooms.  She has traveled in the US and Canada, primarily to train local, state, and federal investigators on how to do online investigations.

Her work is varied as she may be conducting an undercover meeting one day, then reviewing evidence another, and interviewing suspects or victims.  She finds the work very rewarding and very buys.  She is always working on new cases and the bad guys are always finding new ways in committing crimes.  Her advice to those looking to join the FBI is to be flexible and have a sense of humor.CRMCLSFCTN0
One in five businesses report computer intrusions in the 2005 cyber survey given by the Computer Security Institute and the FBI.  FBI Director Robert Mueller encouraged businesses to report attacks so that they can find a way to stop them.  Director Mueller also thanked the 11,225 members of the InfraGard network for giving the FBI expertise in certain areas that they lacked.CRMCLSFCTN0
Top cyber executive Louis M. Reigel warned of fraudulent Hurricane Katrina related websites.  He stated that there were more than 4,000 Katrina-related website registered and while many may be legitimate, fraudulent ones were appearing faster than they can keep track of.  

Many of the fraudulent sites spoof charitable ones and attempt to steal people\'s credit card numbers, banking information, social security numbers and other personal information.  They are working closely with the American Red Cross which is the primary target of the frauds.  Many sites are located overseas in Eastern Europe, Asia, and elsewhere and the foreign counterparts are being worked with through the legal attache\'s offices in the US Embassies.

Mr. Reigel suggests that people be cautious when giving.  He recommends that you do not respond to unsolicited emails and go directly to the charitable organizations website to donate.  You should verify that your donation is going to a legitimate U.S. based non-profit organization.CRMCLSFCTN10040000
A Mr. Harris of Redmond Oregon designed, built and sold a hardware device to install inline with a cable modem allowing customers to “sniff” the coax line, if open, for legally paid and valid media access control (MAC) numbers.  This enabled non-paying customers to gain access to content on the Coax Cable networks.  It is alleged that Mr. Harris built a million dollar business on defrauding paid subscribers and the content producers of their fees.CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN0
Megauploads was a modern day bulletin board for sharing content. Similar to PiratesBay which was also shut down. It is a case of intellectual property rights and a guess as to how much the owner and publisher of the original material would have made IF the consumers of the content actually went out and purchased it. It is unclear what the business model of the sight was.  It is alleged that uploader were paid for uploaded content but how and where that source of income is not clear. There are claims that the owners and operators of the sight ran a money laundering business.  Again it isn\'t clear where the currency was generated from. From what was presented it is a thin case while this sort of crime is real prosecuting it is still evolving in my opinion.CRMEngaging in a racketeering conspiracy, conspiring to commit copyright infringement, conspiring to commit money laundering, and two substantive counts of criminal copyright infringementCLSFCTN0
This is an interesting case.  It is alleged that Mr. Zdorovenin, 54, and his son, unknown age and still at large at the time of this article, conducted an elaborate cyber crime upon unsuspecting victims. The two purchased stolen credit cards which were then used to make phony purchases from web-sight run by the two. It is alleged that they installed spyware on unsuspecting victims computer systems in order to retrieve financial and other data.  The pair manipulated stock trading by impersonating victims stolen information to buy and sell stocks.  The crimes officially took place from 2004 – 2005 and in 2012 Mr. Zdorovenin was arrested in Zurich, Switzerland and was being transported to the U.S.CRMConspiracy, Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, Computer Fraud, Aggravated Identity Theft, and Securities FraudCLSFCTN0
Mr. McNeal pleaded guilty of unlawful access to computer systems and was sentenced on the 28 September 2011.  Mr. McNeal allegedly access former employers medical records, made copies, deleted the data from the database or system and used it for a marketing campaign at his new employer.  There was no evidence that Mr. McNeal downloaded or misused patient medical data only there names, addresses, and telephone numbers.CRMComputer Fraud, Identity TheftCLSFCTN0
Appendix 1 provides definitions of the various crimes categories.  Appendix 2 provides best practices on how to avoid cyber crimes.CRMFrom 1 January 2008 to 31 December 2008, the IC3 received 275,284 complaints.  This was a 33.1% increase over 2007.  72,940 complaints were forwarded to the appropriate local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies for further investigation.  Most of the cases resulted in monetary losses for the complainant.  The total monies loss was over $264m with the median dollar loss at $931 per complaint.  Internet auction fraud lost its place as the most prevalent crime this year as non-delivered merchandise and or payment was most reported at 32.9% of all complaints.  Check fraud was the highest average loss per complaint at $3k per incident while Nigerian letter fraud continued to fall, winding up at $1,650 per incident.  The majority of perpetrators were males from the US, but the UK, China, Canada, Nigeria, and South Africa increased their market share in 2008.  The 2008 total number of complaints and monetary loss was the largest since IC3 started tracking the statistics in 2000.  Perpetrators from the US were from the more populated areas of the country.  Email was the most prevalent contact method at 74%.CLSFCTN0
Hacking in this case is equivalent to breaking and entering to do mischief or commit larceny.CRMHacking – Unauthorized access to AT&T servers to steal customers’ emails.CLSFCTN10080006
Be wary of emails directing you where to send money.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud – Other.  Criminal advertised automobiles on websites such as eBay which did not exist.  Customers sent money thinking they were buying the cars.  The money was transferred to other accounts.CLSFCTN10170002
Article gives details of types of stolen materials, value, and criminals’ intended purposes and plans.CRMStolen Property – A variety of source code, product plans, marketing information, trade secrets, technical specifictions, etc. stolen to be used by the criminals for their own purposes or sold. CLSFCTN10260000
(Identity Theft, 10130002) The FBI arrested two Californian men, Hunter Moore and Charles Evens, for allegedly hacking into private email accounts and posting the information online.  Moore ran the site isanyoneup.com, a “revenge porn” site where personal information, mostly images, is posted in order to exact revenge on individuals.  In order to gain more content for the site, Moore allegedly hired Evens to hack into hundreds of email accounts and steal information.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
After evading the authorities for almost four years, Tobechi Onwuhara was arrested in Australia and returned to the United States where he was sentenced to federal prison.  Onwuhara used a mix of fee-based websites and social engineering to obtain the necessary information to access victims’ credit report information.  The reports were then used to determine banks to contact.  Money was transferred from home equity credit lines to credit/savings accounts and then finally an external account controlled by Onwuhara.  Through this process, Onwuhara was reported to steal more than $13M.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
A previous systems administrator for what is called Company A in the report (a cloud services provider) continued to access the network and systems after resigning.  The Arizona resident, Jonathan Hartwell Wolberg, logged in repeatedly to the Company A network in order to cause damage to the systems and affecting Company A’s property, business, and reputation.  Wolberg is reported to have logged in to the network for almost five months, issuing shut-down commands and causing hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage (including affecting key medical data for hospitals).CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
After spending two years communicating with someone who he thought was a woman, Michigan resident Brian Curtis Hile discovered that the person he was talking to was actually a man from South Africa using a woman’s photos from a leaked PhotoBucket account to conduct a catfish scheme.  Enraged since he traded explicit images and private information with the man, Hile began investigating whom the images belonged to.  Using public information on the Internet, chat rooms, and eventually hacking into the woman’s account, Hile traveled to the woman’s residence to kill both her and her boyfriend.  Arrested just miles from the woman’s residence with detailed information and supplies to carry out the murders, Hile was subsequently charged with interstates stalking and sentenced to 60 months custody.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
The article did not say how the investigation was completed.  It did mention that the Bristol Community College was helpful if the investigation involving the suspect\'s hacking into the school\'s academic computers.
CRMSuspect pleaded guilty to hacking into computer networks around the country, to include law enforcement and academic computer systems.  The suspect also pleaded guilty to obtaining stolen credit and debit card numbers.  Two counts of computer intrusion and one count of access device fraud.
CLSFCTN10080006
Fake websites are easy to create - with more and more commerce/purchases being done online you must be aware of the url and the security, https around these type of websites.
CRMConvicted of wire fraud conspiracy
CLSFCTN10200003
This highlights a an out of the ordinary use of a phishing scheme.  It is not just criminals looking for your bank or credit card information.  You must be vigilant in all of your interactions on system connected to the internet.CRMComputer hacking and identity theft that defrauded vendors of over $1 M through the use of a phishing scheme targeting government employees.  The wire fraud conspiracy carries a sentence or 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.CLSFCTN10080005
CRMFraudCLSFCTN23
CRMOnline enticement of minors

CLSFCTN89
Ara Keshishyan discovered a Citibank security gap that would allow the conspirators to withdraw (all within 60 seconds) several times the amount of money deposited into the account by using cash advance kiosks. The conspirators would travel to various casinos and exploit this security gap. Ara would then pay the conspirators their share and keep the remaining balance. When the conspirators would spend the stolen money at casinos, they would keep transactions under $10,000 to avoid reporting requirements.

The charges against the defendants include bank fraud and knowingly structuring financial transactions to avoid reporting requirements.CRM?Financial Institution FraudCLSFCTN1
Khaddy Garcia would pose as various account owners and claim to have forgotten the username and password. He would additionally phish for as much information as possible. When he had enough information he would withdraw funds from the accessed account. He attempted to withdraw $1.5 million and was able to successfully withdraw over $200,000.

Additionally, Garcia attempted to defraud a venture capital firm of $2 million. After the firm completed the wire transfer of the funds, Garcia attempted to represent himself as one of the valid recipients of the wire transfer and convince the firm that they had transferred the funds into an incorrect account. He then attempted to have them re-transfer the money into an account controlled by Garcia. This falsification was discovered before any money was attempted for re-transfer.CRMMiscellnaneous FraudCLSFCTN23
A couple was charged with damaging a computer and password trafficking. After being fired, they hacked into their former company’s servers and installed software that could capture other users’ passwords. A VPN was used in order to try and shield their identity. They then sent a message to the company saying they had compromised their network and that they had control of their data.CRMHackingCLSFCTN0
Joe Rezendes was sentenced to damaging a protected computer and for possession of unauthorized credit card information. He launched a DoS attack on the Larimer County government computers. Employees were unable to access email, network traffic, and records. It turns out that he started the attack because he was angry about a parking ticket he had received.CRMDoS AttackCLSFCTN0
A citizen of Romania was sentenced to 78 months of jail for a phishing scheme. Dragos Nicolae Draghici sent emails claiming to be from a bank saying that the account profile had been locked and that they would need to enter their information to unlock the profile. It appeared that the email came from a bank so people were tricked into sending the information. He was a member of a larger organization conducting multiple phishing schemes. Customers of CitiBank, Capital One, Bank of America, JP Morgan, and other large financial institutions were targeted.CRMPhishingCLSFCTN0
Joseph Camp pleaded guilty to unlawful computer hacking at UCM where he was a student. He gained unlawful access to the UCM computer network, and downloaded databases of faculty, staff, alumni, and student personal data. He even transferred money and changed grades. He developed a computer virus that infected computers on campus. They were able to get access to areas of the network by using the credentials of other students at the university.CRMHackingCLSFCTN0
Five individuals were charged of participating in a conspiracy to commit mail fraud.  One individual had the additional charge of lying to federal agents.  The crime ring was fueled by greed and profit, says the IRS-CI Special Agent I Charge Jose M. Martinez.  The IRS worked hand-in-hand with the FBI Sacramento Division. If convicted, the defendants may serve 20 years for conspiracy to commit mail fraud and another 5 years for lying to federal agents.
The accused, Mr. Schroeder, would go from store to store on a daily basis to steal goods. He would then list the goods as new on an eBay account.  Since 2009, he has listed over 17,000 items.  The money was from the sales was deposited into a PayPal account and laundered through ATM machines, cash back purchases and purchasing over $600,000 in money orders.  His partners would help package the goods for distribution.  The total amount sold to date is more than $3 Million. 
CRMMail Fraud, LyingCLSFCTN10170001
Mr. Peter Stasica pleads guilty to wire fraud after being caught stealing prosthetics from the University of Minnesota Medical Center-Fairview.  Mr. Stasica, 52, would then sell the items online. Stasica admitted from February to August 2011, Mr. Stasica was the prosthetics manager who was in charge of ordering supplies, working with vendors, and advising clients is a new prosthetic was needed.
Mr. Stasica would convince patients to relinquish prosthetics they were no longer using.  In addition, he took almost 60 prosthetic items and sold to approximately 40 buyers using eBay.  The profit gained was approximately $17,296 with the actual items cost being $122,928.  Mr. Stasica may face 20 years in prison.
CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN10170001
Mr. Brian Dunning, was found guilty of defrauding eBay through “cookie stuffing”.  Dunning’s company, Kessler’s Flying Circus (KFC).KFC was co-owned with his brother and collected approximately $5.2 Million in commissions.  The company entered into eBay’s Affiliate program which would pay the company for sending people to the EBay site.  Instead, KFC offered two forms to customers on his web site for download that had embedded code that would appear as if the customers hit eBay even when they did not generating pay for KFC. 
The scheme would provide a physical description to a Profile Maps and MySpace profile.  The people would put these banners on their websites unaware that the code would cause the user’s browser to receive a cookie with KFC’s ID number causing the browser to be re-directed to eBay’s tracking server.
Dunning was charged with 5 counts of wire fraud. The maximum penalty is 20 years imprisonment and $250,000 in fines OR twice the gross gain or gross loss from the offense, whichever is larger,  
CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN10170001
Cody Andrew Kretsinger was sentenced for one year and one day to prison, one year home arrest, 1,000 hours community service and $605,663 in restitution for hacking onto Sony Pictures.

Kretsinger, affiliated with the hacker group “LulzSec” plead guilty of conspiracy and unauthorized impairment of a protected computer.  He and others gained access to Sony through a website using a SQL injection attack gaining information on Sony customers and distributing the information on the internet.  “LulzSec” is affiliated with the international hacker’s ring “Anonymous” which steals personal identification and disseminates via Internet.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Chiropractor Richie Cabigting (35), along with Haidar Kazim (28), Kassem Kazim (31), and Todd Jackson (26) were charged with mail fraud and conspiracy to commit mail fraud said the Jacksonville grand jury.  The chiropractor would pay the Kazim’s to teach and pay drivers how to cause accidents which then resulted in treatment at Mr. Cabigtng’s clinic.  Mr. Jackson was one driver.  The clinic than fraudulently billed the insurance companies for patients that did not need treatment.
Each defendant faces 10 years in federal prison on each count and the United States is keeping the funds seized from a Compass bank account.
CRMMail FraudCLSFCTN10170001
The FBI announced Mr. Adam Paul Savader was charged with cyber stalking and internet extortion after Ann Arbor police notified the FBI of a complaint.  The 15 victims had been getting threatening messages over Google’s Voice numbers.  The messages said the victims must send nude pictures to avoid the nude pictures already in hand from being distributed to friends and family.
One of the victims went to the Ann Arbor PD to report illegal access of her e-mail account and the perpetrator had taken nude pictures from her email account. The Ann Arbor PD then followed on with the FBI and the team identified victims in four states.  Savader faces 5 years in prison if convicted.
CRMInternet Extortion and Cyber StalkingCLSFCTN10030002
David Nosal was indicted on six counts of conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to a computer system.  Nosal has previously worked for Korn/Ferry International which is an executive search firm.  Nosal and other Korn/Ferry employees downloaded large numbers of lists containing information on potential hires for Korn/Ferry clients. These downloads occurred in April and July 2005.  
In 2008, Nosal was charged with conspiracy, three counts of unauthorized aces to a computer used for foreign commerce or communication, one count of unauthorized downloading and copying of trade secrets, one count of unauthorized receipt and possession of stolen trade secrets.  Sentencing could results in 5 years in prison and $250,000 restitution.  For trade secret charges, 10 years in prison and $250,000 fine.
CRMConspiracy, unauthorized access to a computer used in interstate or foreign commerce or communication, one count of unauthorized downloading/copying of trade secrets, and one count of unauthorized receipt and possession of stolen trade secretsCLSFCTN10100000
A Pittsburg resident, Mr. Matthew James West, was found guilty of two of five charges of recklessly damaging a computer and password trafficking according to US Attorney David J. Hickton.   In 2011, Mr. West purposely initiated the transmission of code which damaged an unauthorized protected computer.  He faces two years in prison and $200,000 fine.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation conducted the investigation.CRMRecklessly damaging a computer and password traffickingCLSFCTN10080004
Andrew West was convicted of “accessing a protected computer without authorization.” West had diverted PayPal funds destined to his victim\'s account into an account he created. As part of the plea agreement, West will pay $5,085.07 in restitution.CRM*Auction Fraud - Stolen PaymentCLSFCTN39
Ibrahimshah Shahulhameed was terminated from his position with Toyota as a computer services contractor. Within a month, it was alleged that Shahulhameed has logged in to the computer system and caused damage to the computer system.CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN27
Nune Gevorkyan and Oganes Koshkaryan were arrested on charges of accessing sealed court documents for confidential information. Koshkaryan would meet with an undercover individual and then pass the names on to Gevorkyan, who was a clerk in the Criminal intake area of the district court\'s clerk\'s office where she would access the sealed court documents. The duo repeatedly sold confidential information to an undercover individual.CRM*Stolen Property OffensesCLSFCTN101
Andrew and Allen Chiu discovered a computer programming error that allowed them to place orders that were the blocked by Nordstrom. However, FatWallet would be compensated as if the orders had been placed and fulfilled. Then FatWallet would compensate the brothers. They placed more than $23 million in fraudulent orders which resulted in more than $650,000 in compensation for the brothers. The prosecutor conveyed the careful, calculating methods the brothers had to employ for completing this crime resulting in a two-year prison term.CRM*Non-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN77
U.S. citizen living in Uganda was the leader of ring counterfeiting U.S. currency and other countries’ currency.  Printing was done in Uganda and currency shipped to the U.S. concealed in packages.CRMCounterfeitingCLSFCTN10060000
Consumers sent money to bogus websites to pay for automobiles advertised on the Internet that looked like real money transfer websites.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN10170002
Bank accounts and personally identifiable information (PII) was stolen from computers after hacking into them.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
Stalker was intending to kill two people but was apprehended.CRMOther Threatening BehaviorCLSFCTN10150001
Crimes are allegedly knowingly transmitting computer code with the intent to damage computers in interstate commerce and gaining unauthorized network access. CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN10080000
In this news item, Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI, warns about the dangers of pedophiles who use the Internet to lure children to meet them for sex. He calls on parents to communicate with their kids about their online activities, and provides an avenue to ensure children have the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  Reporting can be done to your local FBI office or the Cyber Tip Line at www.cybertipline.com.  For more information on tools etc…, visit the FBI website at www.fbi.gov.CRMCLSFCTN0
This news item is supposed to provide the viewer with a Bio for Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI but the link to the Bio is broken.  It does state that he has more than 20 experience as a FBI special agent in a wide range of operational and leadership positions, including heading the Washington Field Office (WFO), leading agents investigating computer crimes and public corruption, and collecting intelligence in the Baltimore and Philadelphia field offices. He was also on the SWAT Team at WFO.

BIO at http://www.fbi.gov/news/blogs/henry/resolveuid/33dda43c3e4f4c7360a18598d794a289 is broken

CRMCLSFCTN0
This news item is a duplicate of the news item 05.16.11 titled ‘Shawn Henry’ which is a video presentation by Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director at the FBI.  He warns about the dangers of pedophiles who use the Internet to lure children to meet them for sex. He calls on parents to communicate with their kids about their online activities, and provides an avenue to ensure children have the tools they need to recognize, avoid, and report online dangers.  Reporting can be done to your local FBI office or the Cyber Tip Line at www.cybertipline.com.  For more information on tools etc…, visit the FBI website at www.fbi.gov.CRMCLSFCTN0
The 10th Annual InfraGard conference attracted hundreds of private and public professionals including the President of Shell Oil, the Secretary of Agriculture, a top Department of Homeland Security official and the FBI’s cyber chief.  The purpose of the conference was to prevent and respond to potentially disabling attacks on the nation’s physical and electronic infrastructure.  Issues discussed including rail and transit systems, first response plans, cyber threats, gang violence, pandemic flu, financial crime trends, water and border security, food and agriculture safety, health care fraud, computer forensics, and post-disaster business continuity.  InfraGard has more than 16,00 members in 84 chapters nationwide.  They initiated 95 cases in 2005 and supported approximately the same number of cases.CRMCLSFCTN0
National Cyber Security month is October and is a good time to protect yourself against dangers in cyberspace.  Risks on the Internet include malicious code, pedophiles, and con artists.  To combat these it is recommended that you have a firewall in place, sign up with various systems to receive alerts, bulletins, tips, and email scams.  It is also recommended that you review advice regarding protecting your children from predators. 

 The FBI also offers educational and seminars across the US regarding safe cyber behavior including:
•	Safe Online Surfing campaign in N. Carolina with NASCAR driver J.J. Yeley
•	Development of the INOBTR website which is part of a multiagency campaign to raise awareness on child Internet safety.
•	Agents from multiple cities providing Internet Safety tips in various public forums.
CRMCLSFCTN0
Over the past 10 years the FBI has helped take more than 6,000 child predators off the street.  However, every day more and more children are going online and unknowingly putting themselves at risk.  FBI Director Robert Mueller addressed the Project Safe Childhood conference in Washington, DC regarding these increasing dangers.  The conference was attended by prosecutors, forensic examiners, police officers, and FBI agents.

Muller stated that with increased attention to the problem, child pornographers are going further underground utilizing file-sharing networks and encrypted websites.  They are working to conceal their financial mechanisms and traveling abroad to exploit minors.  The FBI has dedicated increasing amounts of support to combat child predation.
CRMCLSFCTN0
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) was founded in 2000 as a partnership between the FBI and National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C).  The purpose of the IC3 is to be the central repository and analytical resource for Internet crime complaints.  

When complaints are submitted through the IC3 site they are reviewed by FBI and NW3C analysts and in attempt to identify leads and patterns of the hundreds of complaints received daily.  The complaint is then referred to FBI field offices or other federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies.  In 2005, the IC3 referred 97,076 complaints, out of the 231,493 received, for further investigation.  Three-quarters of these complaints were related to auction fraud and non-delivery of goods.

Victims of identity theft or loss of personal data, the IC3 recommends:
•	Place a fraud alert on your file through the three major credit bureaus
•	Notify your creditors
•	File a report through your local police department
CRMCLSFCTN0
Ransomware known as CryptoLocker, to decrypt the files one must obtain the private AES key.  Ransomware holds RSA key (an algorithm for public key cryptography) corresponding to the RSA public key generated for the victim’s system by the command and control server. 
CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN14
Unrecognizable charges on card statement are signs personally identifiable information has been stolen. 

Tips
- don\'t click on a link embedded in an e-mail from their bank, but rather open a new webpage and manually enter the URL 
- scrutinize the search results listed before going to a website. 
- Don\'t respond to spam e-mail.
- Do\'t click on links within unsolicited e-mail.
CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN57
Tech support scammers report the users\' computers infected with virus.  The victims allow the caller remote access to their computer. The caller points out infected files, while installing trojan, requesting fee for service.
CRMHackingCLSFCTN56
DOJ /FBI and NCDF warn of potential for disaster fraud in the aftermath of a natural disaster. 

Tips:
Avoid cash donations if possible. 
don\'t use money transfer services.
contact the NCDF if fraud is suspectedCRMCharity FraudCLSFCTN44
Skylar Ian Feuerstein began communicating online with a young woman living in London, England via e-mail, and social networking sites, and webcams. This mutual relationship between the defendant and accused last approximately one year from Oct 2010 -2011. At that point London based person tried to end communications.  Feuerstein then began a campaign of threatening e-mails against her harm and her family to include death threats. Feuerstein has been accused  and is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.CRMInterstate and Foreign Commerce abuseCLSFCTN0
Mr. Borell who has links to a hacker-activist network Anonymous, was arrested following an investigation by the FBI. The indictment alleges Mr. Borell hacked into protected computers without authorization on two occasions and intentionally caused damage to servers hosting websites for two Utah law enforcement agencies.CRMComputer IntrusionCLSFCTN0
A Huston Texas man was sentenced for stealing funds from bank accounts at Anchor Bank in Minnesota.  Henry Joseph Williams was sentenced to 14 months in prison on one count of wire fraud.. Mr. Williams used an Automated Clearing House (ACH) transaction to divert approximately $29,000 to go to paying off his personal debts.CRMFraud WireCLSFCTN0
Two brothers, Andrew and Allen Chiu pleaded guilty to wire fraud in connection with their scheme to defraud Nordstrom of more than $1.4 million in commissions and rebates. The crime went as follows: The brothers where members of FatWallet Inc. that provided coupons and paid cash back to members based on shopping incentives for purchases. The two discovered and began to exploit a computer programming error in the Nordstrom ordering system by placeing orders that would be blocked by Nordstrom. No merchandise would be shipped and no charges to their credit cards and the brothers would still receive the cash back credit from FatWallet. The Chiu borthers placed more than $23 million in fraudulent orders which resulted in Nordstrom paying $1.4 million in rebates and commissions to FatWallet with more than $650,000 going to the brothers. There is no mention that FatWallet had to payback any of the  $750, 000 paid to it.CRMWire FraudCLSFCTN0
CRMCriminals are using the Citadel malware to install the Reveton virus on computers, causing them to lock up and display a message that says copyright infringment or illegal software has been detected on the user\'s computer and it is being locked by \"authorities\" until a fine is paidCLSFCTN1003003
CRMThe owner of TCNISO, Ryan Harris, was found guilty of selling software that allowed cable customers to configure their cable modems in a way that allowed them to get high speed Internet access without paying for it.CLSFCTN1008005
CRMAndrew West pleaded guilty in federal court to fraud in a case where he was accused of diverting funds from an artist\'s Paypal account to an account that he controlled.
He was accused of stealing $4000 and faces fines of $250,000, 5 years in prison and under the plea agreement he will also pay restitution.
Mr. West is accused of using unauthorized access to the victims computer to gain access to the Paypal account.CLSFCTN0
Criminal, Chris Burruss was convicted of DUI.  Subsequet to the conviction he threatened and attempted to extort his defense attorney that represented him during the DUI case.  Burruss attempted to use several embarrassing text messages and emails that his attorney sent to a few of Burruss\' female friends.  Burruss threatened to send those messages to the Bar to discredit and embarrass the attorney unless he sent an affidavit to the Supreme Court indicating that he mishandled the case and paid the $20,000 in legal fees. CRMInterstate Threat to Injure the Reputation of AnotherCLSFCTN10030000
The article did not say how the investigation was completed.  This is a huge problem in the defense industry today with so many designs, trade/manufacturing secrets being stolen/sold/given to foreign countries. CRMIndicted on five felony offenses stemming from a computer hacking scheme that involved the theft of trade secrets from American defense contractors, including The Boeing Company, which manufactures the C-17 military transport aircraft.CLSFCTN10140002
These indictments are a result of the formation of the Miami Cyber Task Force (MCTF) initiative launched by the FBI in January 2014. The MCTF initiative is designed to combat the growing cyber fraud threat in South Florida. 
CRMThe first indictment involved two related schemes to steal AT&T customer information for the purpose of committing cell phone insurance fraud.  The suspects were employed as customer service representatives at two private companies that operated call centers located in Broward County on behalf of AT&T. As customer service representatives, the defendants used their access to corporate databases to steal AT&T customer personal identification and account information.  The second indictment  involved a scheme to steal thousands of cable boxes and modems and to illegally modify these cable boxes and modems to receive free service.   thousands of cable boxes and modems were ordered from Comcast with similar names and identity information for delivery to addresses in or around Coral Way in Miami. FBI surveillance revealed that co-conspirator J.L.B. (a UPS driver) took these Comcast packages loaded with cable boxes and/or modems to addresses on his delivery route and diverted them to co-conspirator J.R.P.’s residence in Miami. Post-arrest, J.R.P. advised that J.R.P. provided the cable boxes and modems to the defendant so that the modems could be provisioned to receive unlimited service.  The third indictment involved device fraud and aggravated identity theft.  The suspect trafficked in and used counterfeit credit cards on several dates from August 2011 through February 2012 and used the means of identification of a real person in connection with that activity.
CLSFCTN10070000
CRMRussel Freed, 44, was sentanced to 20 years in prison for coercing minors to send him explicit photographs.CLSFCTN0
A phishing scheme uses the Internet to target large numbers of unwary individuals, using fraud and deceit to obtain private personal and financial information such as names, addresses, bank account numbers, credit card numbers, and Social Security numbers. Phishing schemes often work by sending out large numbers of counterfeit e-mail messages that are made to appear as if they originated from legitimate banks, financial institutions, or other companies. The fraudulent e-mail messages ask individuals to click on a hyperlink contained in the e-mail message, which would take the individual to a counterfeit site on the Internet that purports to be the Internet site of the particular bank, financial institution, or company. At the counterfeit Internet site, the individual is then asked to enter information such as the individual’s name, address, and credit or debit card numbers.
CRMTwo Romanian citizens have been sentenced for their participation in an extensive Internet “phishing” scheme. CLSFCTN10080000
CRMKaleb Harper Ketchens, 21, of Meridian, Mississippi pleaded guilty to unauthorized use of a computer system.  He faces up to 5 years in prison.
He was accused of stealing personal identification information and posting it online.CLSFCTN0
The appendices outlines how the information was gathered and how to avoid being caught in one of these traps.CRMIn 2009 the IC3 received 336,655 complaints which is a 22% increase from 2008.  Nearly half of all cases, 146,663, were referred to local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies for further investigation.  The total dollar value loss in 2009 from all cases was over $559m.  That is double what was lost in 2008.  This year, the IC3 implemented a new way of collecting complaints through a questionnaire that automatically assigned a type of fraud or non-fraud category to the complaint.  Auction fraud continued its slide and ended up with only 6% of the total complaints.  Non-delivered payment or merchandise was the second most prevalent at nearly 12%.  Male perpetrators made up 76% of all complaints while only 54% of complainants were male.  Males lost more money than females at a rate of $1.51 to every $1.   FBI scams became very popular this year, the top most common complaint.  This scam is where a fake email is sent to the victim eliciting information with regards to an investigation, willing the victim into giving over the information.  The US continued its trend of harboring the most perpetrators with the most populated areas having the higher densities.  More often than not, the perpetrator was not from the same state as the victim.  
The Hitman Scam became a very popular scam this year.  This is where a victim would receive an email from an organization such as “Ishmael Ghost Islamic Group” and this email would detail how the victim was on the top of the hitlist, but if he or she would send some money to help get Muslims out of jail they would spare their lives.  Work-from-home scams also gained popularity this year.
CLSFCTN0
(Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) The FBI arrested Jared James Abrahams, a Temecula college student, for computer hacking and extortion.  Abrahams pleaded guilty to the charges after he hacked into the social media and email accounts of as many as 150 women, taking control of their social postings, email, and even their computers.  Once he gained access to incriminating files (such as nude photos), Abrahams extorted the women into providing more photos or submitting to Skype sessions in which Abrahams directed them what to do.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
(Identity Theft, 10130002) A United Kingdom citizen, Lauri Love, worked with other computer hackers worldwide to search for internet-connected servers that were vulnerable to the SQL injection exploit.  After finding a set of vulnerable servers, Love determined that they belonged to the Federal Reserve and gained unauthorized access.  Love retrieved and posted sensitive personal information from the servers of Federal Reserve users onto public sites (including names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers).CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
(No Crime) The Northwest Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory (NWRCFL) received an accreditation from the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors/Laboratory Accreditation Board (ASCLD/LAB) in digital and multimedia evidence.  One of 308 laboratories with this international accreditation, the NWRCFL received the status with zero findings regarding its laboratory personnel, operational/technical polices, practices, procedures, and quality management system.  It is one of 16 centers nationwide that are part of the FBI’s RCFL program and is used to support investigations in Oregon and eastern Washington from federal, state, and local organizations.CRMCLSFCTN0
(No Crime) The Holland Middle School in Holland, Pennsylvania won the national award in the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Safe Online Surfing (FBI-SOS) program.  This free program for 3rd through 8th grade students is designed to assist with teaching kids safe online habits.  Topics that are discussed in the program include protection of personal information, password strength, cell phone safety, social networking safety, and online gaming safety.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMIn 2010, A Dutch national Joey Vogelaar hacked into a company involved in the production release and stole digital versions of three Hollywood movies: “How Do You Know” by Sony Pictures Entertainment  and “Rango” by the Paramount production as well as  “Megamind” by Dreamworks. CLSFCTN0
CRMSAN JOSE—Nathan Moser, Peter Siragusa, AKA Bobby Russo, Carlo Pacileo, Trent Williams, and Sumit Gupta, AKA Sumit Vishnoi, were charged with crimes related to a conspiracy to access the e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and computers of people opposing Moser’s and Siragua’s clients’ in civil lawsuits, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson.

A federal grand jury indicted Moser, 41, of Menlo Park, Calif.; Siragusa, 59, of Novato, Calif.; Pacileo, 44, of El Segundo, Calif.; Williams, 24, of Martinez, Calif.; and Gupta, 26, of Jabalapur, India, on January 15, 2015, charging them with one count of Conspiracy, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(b), six counts of Accessing a Protected Computer and Obtaining Information, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C), and two counts of Interception of Electronic Communications, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2511(1)(a). The indictment was unsealed in court in San Jose, Calif., yesterday.

According to the Indictment, Moser was a private investigator and owner of Moser and Associates in Menlo Park. Siragusa was also a private investigator and owner of Siragusa Investigations in Novato. Although Moser and Siragusa operated separate businesses, they often assisted in each other’s investigations. The Indictment further alleges that Williams and Gupta were computer hackers hired by Moser and Siragusa to access the e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and protected computers of individuals without authorization. Pacileo was the director of security for ViSalus, a network marketing company based in Los Angeles and one of Moser’s clients.

The Indictment alleges that the object of the defendants’ conspiracy was to obtain information that would assist Moser’s and Siragusa’s clients, including Pacileo, in the clients’ lawsuits. According to the indictment, once retained by a client, Moser and Siragusa would hire Williams and Gupta, among others, to hack into the victims’ e-mail accounts, Skype accounts, and protected computers. In addition to that conduct, the defendants allegedly installed and used a keylogger—a tool that intercepts and logs the particular keys struck on a keyboard in a covert manner so that the person using the keyboard is unaware that his or her actions are being monitored—to obtain information that would assist Moser’s and Siragusa’s clients.

According to the Indictment, Ocean Avenue, a network marketing company based in South Jordan, Utah, was a competitor of ViSalus that had hired several former ViSalus employees. As a result, ViSalus initiated a civil lawsuit against Ocean Avenue employees. Pacileo hired Moser to investigate Ocean Avenue. Moser allegedly enlisted Siragusa to assist with the investigation, and together they hired hackers to illegally obtain information to assist in the lawsuit.

Moser, Siragusa, and Williams made their initial appearances in San Jose yesterday before the Honorable Paul S. Grewal, U.S. Magistrate Judge. Moser was released on a $100,000 bond, with his wife signing as surety and custodian. Moser’s next hearing is scheduled for identification of counsel today before Judge Grewal. Siragusa was released pending the filing of a $100,000 secured bond on or before February 20, 2015. His next hearing is scheduled for February 23, 2015, at 1:30 p.m. before the Honorable Edward J. Davila, U.S. District Judge, in San Jose. Williams, who remains in custody, has a detention hearing scheduled for February 13, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., before Judge Grewal.

Pacileo made his initial appearance in Los Angeles before the Honorable Ralph Zarefsky, U.S. Magistrate Judge, and was released pending the filing of a $25,000 secured bond on or before February 13, 2015. His next hearing is scheduled for February 23, 2015 before Judge Davila.

An arrest warrant has been issued by the court for Gupta, who is believed to be in India. FBI Agents in San Jose are working with the FBI office in New Delhi, India, to secure Gupta’s prosecution.

The maximum statutory penalty for a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(b) is five years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. The maximum statutory penalty for each violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C) is 10 years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. The maximum statutory penalty for each violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2511(1)(a) is five years custody, three years’ supervised release, and a fine of $250,000. However, any sentence will be imposed by the court only after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Matt Parrella and Michelle Kane are the Assistant U.S. Attorneys who are prosecuting the case with the assistance of Elise Etter. The prosecution is the result of an investigation by the FBI.
This content has been reproduced from its original source. CLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI posted tips on avoiding fraudulent charitable contribution schemes in response to the recent alleged fraudulent schemes after the recent tornadoes that affected several Southern states.  Criminals exploit tragedies for their own gain by sending fraudulent e-mails and creating phony websites designed to solicit contributions. The National Center for Disaster Fraud was created by the Department of Justice to investigate, prosecute, and deter fraud after Katrina and there are more than 20 federal agencies, including the FBI, that participate. Tips should be reported to the National Center for Disaster Fraud, (866) 720-5721. Additionally, e-mails can be sent to disaster@leo.gov, and information can be faxed to (225) 334-4707.  Consumers can also report suspicious e-mail solicitations or fraudulent websites to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center, www.ic3.gov.  

The FBI reminds the public to perform due diligence before giving contributions to anyone soliciting donations or individuals offering to provide assistance to those affected by the disaster. Solicitations can originate from e-mails, websites, door-to-door collections, flyers, mailings, telephone calls, and other similar methods.  Before making a donation, adhere to the following guidelines:
    •  Do not respond to any unsolicited (spam) incoming e-mails, including clicking links contained within those messages, because they may contain computer viruses.
    •  Be skeptical of individuals representing themselves as members of charitable organizations or officials asking for donations via e-mail or social networking sites.
    •  Beware of organizations with copy-cat names similar to but not exactly the same as those of reputable charities.
    •  Rather than follow a purported link to a website, verify the legitimacy of nonprofit organizations by utilizing various Internet-based resources that may assist in confirming the group’s existence and its nonprofit status.
    •  Be cautious of e-mails that claim to show pictures of the disaster areas in attached files because the files may contain viruses. Only open attachments from known senders 
    •  To ensure contributions are received and used for intended purposes, make contributions directly to known organizations rather than relying on others to make the donation on your behalf.
    •  Do not be pressured into making contributions; reputable charities do not use such tactics
    •  Be aware of whom you are dealing with when providing your personal and financial information. Providing such information may compromise your identity and make you vulnerable to identity theft.
    •  Avoid cash donations if possible. Pay by credit card or write a check directly to the charity. Do not make checks payable to individuals. 
    •  Legitimate charities do not normally solicit donations via money transfer services. Most legitimate charities’ websites end in .org rather than .com.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI warns computer users to make sure their firewall/anti-virus software is up to date and exercises caution when users receive e-mails that show a photo/video of Osama Bin Laden’s death.  What they have determined is that these image files could contain malicious software that when launched can infect not only your system but also systems of your friends and family.  They have also found it is possible for the malicious software to steal your personal information.  The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) provides users with the following tips when faced with this situation:
  
    •  Adjust the privacy settings on social networking sites
    •  Dont agree to download software to view videos 
    •  Read e-mails you receive very carefully
    •  Report e-mails fraudulent FBI e-mails to the IC3 at www.ic3.gov
CRMCLSFCTN0
Alleged additional crimes are wire fraud, bank fraud, and illegal interception of electronic communications.CRMCoreflood VirusCLSFCTN10080003
Other alleged crimes are wire fraud, bank fraud, and illegal interception of electronic communications.CRMCoreflood Virus AttackCLSFCTN10080003
In this news item, the 2010 Internet Crimes Report (http://www.ic3.gov/media/annualreport/2010_IC3Report.pdf) is released and highlights were discussed, the FBI/National White Collar Crime Complaint Center (IC3) marked its 10th anniversary, and had received its two millionth complaint.  The three most common most common complaints made to the joint IC3 in 2010 were non-delivery of payment or merchandise, scams impersonating the FBI, and identify theft.  Also included in this release was a state-by-state breakdown of complaints (e.g. MA’s top three were non-delivery of payment or merchandise, auction fraud, and identify theft).  Highlights included such things as receiving 300,000 complaints last year and 170,000 met the financial thresholds to be investigated by local, state or federal law enforcement and even though 130,000 didn’t meet the thresholds they helped investigators identify emerging fraud trends.  Other statistics provided were that most complaints were from U.S. male CA, FL, TX, NY, WA, District of Columbia residents (40-59 years old) and highest number outside the U.S. came from UK, Nigeria and Canada. In addition to the top three complaints, computer crimes, miscellaneous fraud, advance fee fraud, spam, auction fraud, credit card fraud, and overpayment fraud topped the list. The report also contains information on some alerts the IC3 sent out during 2010 (e.g. telephone scams, online apartment/house rental scams, denial-of-service attacks, fake e-mails for disaster relief efforts). CRMCLSFCTN0
Another crime noted in this news item was Wire FraudCRMHacking into computer networksCLSFCTN10080005
Another alleged crime in this case is conspiracy to access a computer without authorizationCRMFraud in connection with personal informationCLSFCTN10080005
In this news item, the FBI discusses how it not only investigates online crimes targeting children but also works to educate kids and their parents by posting useful resources on their public website, sending cyber agents to visit schools, and offering their Safe Online Surfing (SOS) program to schools.  Each of these programs help kids and/or parents understand how to recognize, report and avoid online danger.  The news item also discusses an FBI intelligence-driven and multiagency investigative operation (task force includes more than 40 countries), Innocent Images, which is focused on combating the proliferation of child pornography/child sexual exploitation facilitated by computers.  Various statistics (e.g. 2,435 % increase in cases opened, 1,171 % increase in information/indictments, 3,421 % increase in arrests, locates, summons) are noted indicating the tremendous growth of the operation between 1996 and 2009. CRMCLSFCTN0
Fraud results in the loss of billions of dollars from it’s victims every year.  In 2005 alone, mortgage fraud cost victims over 1 billion dollars and internet fraud accounted for 183 million in losses. The golden rule, “If it looks to good to be true it probably is” should be kept in mind.  Below are different types of fraud:
•	Telemarketing fraud
•	Nigerian letters
•	Identity fraud
•	Ponzi schemes
•	Internet Auction fraud
•	Scams targeting seniors
•	Mortgage fraud
CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMA California man purchased the stolen source code of the game “Lineage”.  He set up gaming servers and illegally offered the game at a discount to other gamers, costing the parent company $750,000 a month in lost revenue.  In November 2006 the FBI raided the California man’s home shutting down the game, seizing the domain, and posting the FBI anti-piracy warning on the website.CLSFCTN10260002
Vishing is a form of phishing but using VOIP technology.  The overall goal is to get you to divulge your account information so that criminals can steal from you.
Vishing comes in a couple different forms:
•	The victim gets an email that asks them to call a phone number that is actually a VOIP account.  The person is asked for account numbers, passwords, and other critical information that can be used to access their financial accounts. 
•	The victim is contacted over the phone by a live person or a robo-call directing the user to “protect their account”.  The user is then asked for account information.
VOIP is an attractive target for criminals because it is inexpensive and easy to mask who is really calling. 
CRMCLSFCTN0
In 2006 consumers filed 207,492 complaints regarding Internet crime and claimed to have lost $198.4 million.  45% of these complaints were regarding auction fraud, of which 19% were for undelivered merchandise or payments.  The perpetrators of these crimes were 75% men with 61% living in the US.  The average victim was a male between the ages of 30 to 40 and living in California, Texas, Florida, or New York.  Average loss per event was $724, however the highest losses were with the Nigerian letter fraud which had a medial loss of $5,100.CRMCLSFCTN0
Disgruntled employee with high-level access to company’s computers quit when passed over for promotion.  Accessed company computers using stolen IDs/passwords.  Damaged and altered software applications that resulted in significant revenue loss by the company.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Man stole motion pictures by hacking into a computer where the films were located using stolen identity.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Man posted threats to kill police officers on the Internet with intention to intimidate them.  Google noticed the postings on YouTube and contacted the FBI.CRMThreatCLSFCTN10150002
Man sold eavesdropping software (Spyware) that once surreptitiously installed on a user’s smartphone would track the user’s locations, all traffic to and from the phone, and activate a microphone to hear conversations going on around the phone.CRMSpywareCLSFCTN10080004
CRMThe companies, PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker, committed two sets of crimes - they avoided US Internet gaming laws by operating overseas and attempted to disguise their financial transactions by making those associated with gambling to appear to be legitimate Internet eCommerce.  In addition, they defrauded customers in that they told the customers that their winnings were held in escrow and available for withdrawal at any time while in fact most of the money was unavailable.CLSFCTN0
Mr. Ochoa claims to be part of the hacking groups \"Anonymous\" and \"CabinCr3w\"CRMHiginio Ochoa of Galveston, TX pleaded guilty to charges of illegally accessing computer of the Texas Dept of Public Safety, the Alabama Dept of Public Safety, the W. Virginia Chiefs of Police Association and the Houston County, AL.  He downloaded data, deleted data and defaced the web sites.  He also made the stolen data available to others.CLSFCTN0
At least one of the defendents claimed to be part of the hacking group AnonymousCRMThree residents of Pittsburg were charged with cyber crimes related to installation of malware and data theft from a law firm, identified in the indictments as \"VG\"CLSFCTN0
CRMBo Zhang, a contract computer programmer at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York pleaded guilty to stealing software that performs the general ledger upgates for accounts within the Department of the Treasury.  He also admitted to filing false documents that help foreigners obtain visa by stating that they worked for his computer training business.CLSFCTN0
CRMThe FBi is reporting that malicious software has been detected in the process of connecting to some overseas hotel Internet connections.  A pop-up window appears to ask the user if they want to update some unnamed common software.  If the user clicks the OK button then the malicious software gets installed.CLSFCTN0
The IC3 added a very helpful “Top 5 Questions” section about their investigations.CRMNew this year, the IC3 granted remote access to the FBI and other investigative services in order to streamline the investigations by these entities.  The IC3 also implemented a service where investigative bodies can more easily parse records for ease of digestion or to ensure the right cases are brought to the forefront.  Auction fraud fell from its high of over 70% of cases in 2004 to just about 10% in 2010.  IC3 attributes this to both increased security and normalization of purchasing items online as well as the increasing creativity and broadening of skillsets of those wishing to commit a crime.  The gender gap between those reporting crimes has narrowed to almost even.  Also, the age spread had evened out, showing that many more people had access to the internet than at the beginning of the tracking.  The number of complaints and subsequently the number of referrals dropped in 2010.  The highest percentage of crimes was non-delivery of goods, but it is only 14% of the total.  Per capita, the US still held the majority of the complaints and within the states the most populous states still held the highest percentage.CLSFCTN0
Kaleb Harper Ketchens of Meridian, Mississippi unlawfully obtained and disseminated students\' names and identification numbers. Ketchens has pleaded guilty to two counts of computer fraud and one count of fraud and related activity.CRM?Computer Fraud/Crime CLSFCTN14
Istvan Laszlo Csurgo masterminded a scheme that consisted of the false sale of motor vehicles and boats through a website. The buyers would wire money into one of the 45 accounts set up by Csurgo and his co-conspirators from which the conspirators would withdraw money before the buyer identified that this was a scheme. Csurgo was sentenced to 26 months in prison and was ordered to pay restitution and forfeit all of the proceeds gained from the scheme. CRM*Auction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN34
Operating out of a boiler room in Montreal Canada, Pascal Goyer and five other defendants ran a grandparent scheme. They would call  victim and claim that the victim\'s grandchildren or other relatives had a crisis and was in need of money to solve the crisis. The defendants would also impersonate third parties, such as a lawyer, during the calls. They would then disseminate instructions for a wire transfer of the necessary funds, usually in the range of $2,000 to $3,000. The defendants would either impersonate the victim of the crisis or they had convinced the victim to send the wire transfer to their impersonated third party. The defendants have been indicted on 23 counts, which carries a maximum of 20 years of imprisonment.CRMMiscellnaneous FraudCLSFCTN23
William Paul Patrick, 68, of Glastonbury, would arrange for sex shows involving minors. Child pornography was found during the seizure of several computers and hard drives. The seizure also revealed that Patrick would orchestrate the sex acts to be performed on the children. Patrick received 180 months of imprisonment followed by five years of supervised release.CRM*Child PornographyCLSFCTN86
Sentenced to three years of supervised release.CRMcriminal threats over the internetCLSFCTN0
250 victims with 200,000 in actual and intended losses.
CRMID TheftCLSFCTN0
click jacking generating $200,000 and $400,000 in fraudulent commissions from eBay, CRMonline auction fraudCLSFCTN0
Total of $5M damage, potential of 10 years prisonCRMhacked into DOE, HHS, ando ther federal systems and commited ID theftCLSFCTN0
Duplicate entry of another listed FBINews itemCRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), partnered with the FBI and National White Collar Crime Center, receives its 2 millionth online criminal activity complaint on 9 November, 2010.  It took seven years to reach 1 million and only 3 additional years to reach the second million which indicates the rising growth of cyber-crimes.  The job of the IC3 is receive, develop, and refer cyber-crime complaints to local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies. The IC3 also gives cyber- crime victims a convenient and easy-to-use to report suspected criminal or civil violations.  Of the 757,016 criminal complaints, the majority of the crimes involve fraud in which the complainant incurred a financial loss and the total reported is approximately $1.7 billion.  Also noted was that a lot of the complaints involved crimes such as identity theft and unauthorized use of credit cards or bank accounts.  The IC3 uses the information from these complaints to identify emerging trends and develop consumer education which they post on their education website, www.lookstoogoodtobetrue.com.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI warns consumers of Cyber Scams like “Smishing” or “Vishing” and “Phishing”.  “Phishing schemes using e-mails that direct victims to spoofed merchant websites misleading them into providing personal information.  Smishing schemes use a combination of SMS texting and a phishing scheme.  Vishing schemes use a combination of voice and a phishing scheme.  Consumers receive a text message or an automated phone call on their cell phone saying there’s a problem with their bank account and given a phone number to call or a website to log into where they are asked to provide their personal identifiable information (e.g. bank account number, PIN, or credit card number) to fix the problem and the criminal now has their personal information to steal their money.  Criminals usually set up an automated dialing system to make or send the text or email messages in a particular region/area code using stolen customer phone numbers from banks or credit unions.  Cyber-crimes are just for computers anymore.  Smishing scams target mobile phones and Vishing scams target both mobile and land lines.   Two other scams noted in this news item are Online auction and classified ad fraud and Delivery Fraud.  Online auction and classified ad fraud is where criminals post products on the internet that they don’t really have but charge the consumer’s credit card anyway and pocket the money.  Delivery fraud is where internet criminals pose as legitimate delivery services, offer a reduced/free shipping labels for a fee and when the customer tries to ship a package using the purchased phony label the legitimate delivery requests payment from the customer. The IC3 recommends consumers should do things like not respond to text/automated voice messages from unknown sources, don’t download anything from untrusted sources, use legitimate payment services/credit cards for online purchases so you can dispute charges, confirm you are working with a legitimate seller and be sure to check the sellers ratings/feedback information, and don’t respond to unsolicited emails/text messages requesting personal information. For more information about the latest cyber-crime scams, visit IC3’s website.CRMCLSFCTN0
Other crimes noted in this news item were mail fraud and aggravated identity theftCRMCopyright infringementCLSFCTN10260004
In this news item, the FBI opened the Orange County Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory (OCRCFL), part of a national network of FBI-sponsored full-service forensics laboratories and training centers that have solved crimes in support of national security, criminal and cyber cases since the late 1990s.  They examine digital evidence collected at federal, state, local criminal and terrorism investigations and provide expert digital forensics services to law enforcement which includes court testimony. Personnel adhere to proven objective processes and protocols that produce repeatable and verifiable results which are critical to the practice of digital forensics.  Also noted were other RCFLs, Los Angles Division in 2008, and Anaheim Police Department, California Department of Toxic Substances Control, Fullerton Police Department, Irvine Police Department, Newport Beach Police Department, Orange County District Attorney’s Office, Orange County Sheriff’s Department, Santa Ana Police Department, and the Westminster Police Department in 2009. The increased use of electronic equipment by criminals resulted in a increased number of investigations where digital media was seized for analysis (e.g. RCFL conducted 6,985 digital forensic exams and 6,500 requests for assistance in 2010).  Another thing the RCFL does is train law enforcement personnel (e.g. since 2003 over 38,150 have been trained worldwide). For more information on the RCFL go to www.rcfl.gov or www.ocrcfl.org to learn more about the OCRCFL.CRMCLSFCTN0
There is always a very helpful part in the appendices about avoiding crimes and how to report them if you are a victim.  They also added a section on the lifecycle of a complaint this year, which I find very helpful from any customer service entity.CRMIt is very obvious that the IC3 has increased both their awareness of the internet crimes and their ability to reach out to victims, or at least to let victims know they are there.  They have clearly put effort into explaining what the IC3 does and does not do to the victims through these reports. The original ones did not have much other than the crimes and statistics with a few tips on how to avoid or report crimes.  The later additions have reached out to the victims.  The IC3 also established remote access for the FBI and Law Enforcement Online (LEO) in 2011.  However, there were over 314k crimes reported in 2011, and increase from 2010.  The trend of the gender gap of complainants shrinking continued with the males still holding a slight advantage at 51%.  Alaska had the most complaints for 100k people, but California, Texas, Florida, and New York were the highest overall. The US had the most complaints with over 90% of the total internationally.  The top five reported crimes were FBI related scams (35K), identity theft (30K), advance fee fraud (28K), non-deliver of goods (22K), and overpayment fraud (18K).  So called romance scams made the report for the first time.  These are more commonly referred to as catfishing now.  Daily loses from these crimes were reported to be on average $138k, or $5700 per hour.   CLSFCTN0
Joseph J. Ostrowski, a former football coach at Holy Redeemer High School in Wilkes-Barre was charged with producing and attempting to produce child pornography and interstate extortion.  Ostroski had minors engage in sexually explicit conduct in order to make visual images and distribute via the internet.
After the Pennsylvania grand jury indicted him, he was taken in to custody and also charged with cyber stalking from an earlier incident in Michigan.  Ostroski committed the crimes ranging from child pornography to interstate extortion from 2006 to 2012 and victims were from 14 states.  Some victims were adults and some were minors.
US attorney Peter Smith said, ““Sextortion, whether the victims are allegedly adults or minors, is an ugly and vicious crime. Schools, as well as parents and potential victims, need to be alert and responsive to signs of this insidious abuse of social media. For that reason, we are providing information about this case to organizations that represent colleges and universities so they, in turn, can develop programs to inform and assist students who may be potential victims to identify, resist, and report such conduct to law enforcement as soon as possible.”
Ostrowski’s lawyers filed a plea agreement for 25 years in prison and lifetime supervised release which is subject to the approval of the US District Court Judge.  This case was brought as a part of the Project Safe Childhood, the nationwide effort by the Department of Justice to fight child sexual exploitation.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant US Attorney Francis Sempa.
CRMchild pornography, interstate extortion, cyber stalkingCLSFCTN10210001
Mr. Osarhieme Obaygbona of Atlanta GA was sentenced to 70 months in prison for his role in a computer fraud ring.  Mr. Obaygbona was convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized access to a computer.
Mr. Waya Nwaki was Mr. Obaygbona’s partner.  Mr. Nwaki provided stolen identifiers from fake websites. Phishing involves setting up false imitation websites tricking the customers of the institutions such as banks to enter their personal information.  Then the information is collected allowing the thieves to makes unauthorized access and withdrawals from the customer’s accounts. Obaygbona also used the info to create driver’s licenses and accessed the victim’s accounts to view on line check images, then forge checks and withdrawal slips.  Obaygbona also received three years supervised release and restitution of $97,632.
CRMcomputer fraud and identity theft phishingCLSFCTN10170001
A 36 year old Florida man was sentenced to 120 months in federal prison after being convicted of tapping into celebrities’ emails including Renee Olstead, Mila Kunis, and Scarlett Johansson.

Mr. Chris Chaney was ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $66,179 by Judge James Otero.  Judge Otero said that Mr. Chaney’s conduct was “callous disregard to the victims” especially the two victims who are not celebrities.  Chaney had stalked the two victims for more than 10 years. Judge Chaney said that with the increase in cybercrime, one must realize that emotional distress is just as devastating as physical injury. Chaney pleaded guilty to nine felony counts including wiretapping and unauthorized access to a personal computer.

Mr. Chaney was able to view every email of more than four dozen people and know their personal information.  Mr. Chaney obtained photographs illegally and then posted them on the internet.  This case is a reminder that cybercrime is a threat to al Americans and everyone needs to protect their information said US attorney Andre Birottoe, Jr.

This crime was just like if Mr. Chaney entered the victim’s homes at night said Bill Lewis, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI’s Los Angeles Field Office.  He continues to say Mr. Chaney targeted his victim’s based on their celebrity status without regard of the impact their personal lives by revealing the personal information.  This case will serve as an example to those who are contemplating committing this type of crime. 

While pleading guilty, Mr. Chaney admitted that he hacked into the email accounts by clicking on the forgot your password  feature and resetting the passwords using public information he discovered from the internet.  Once in the mailbox, he was privy to all emails and personal contacts used for additional victimization.

In addition to illegal entry to the mailboxes, he then set up the auto forward feature to have all emails sent to his personal email account without the victim’s knowledge.  The victims were not regularly checking this feature even after they regained control of their accounts.

Mr. Chaney gained pictures, confidential contracts, scripts, letters, driver’s license information and Social Security information.  Chaney also sent emails from the accounts impersonating the victims requesting additional private photos. Then Chaney distributed the photos to hacker and gossip websites resulting with the photos being posted on the Internet.
CRMwiretapping, theftCLSFCTN10130000
A Swedish credit card payment processor was sentence to 48 months in prison after he infected victim’s computer with a software program that claimed to protect the victim’s computer but actually was useless.  The cyber ring crime netted $71 million said Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Washington Jenny A. Durkan, and Special Agent in Charge Laura M. Laughlin of the FBI Seattle Division.

Mr. Mikael P. Sallnert, a 37 year old from Sweden, was sentenced by Chief U.S. District Judge Marsha J. Pechman in the Western District of Washington.  He was ordered to pay $650,000 in restitution in addition to the prison term. Assistant Attorney General Breuer stated the Sallinert was responsible for victimizing about 960,000 people and played a large part in the large cyber ring crime.  Sallinert collected millions of dollars from the victims whom believed their computers were infected and the fake software could repair the computers.  He continued that cybercrime is very real threat to businesses and the Justice Department is committed to chasing cyber criminals across the globe.

US Attorney said that Sallnert was the backbone of the cybercrime underworld and people who commit these crimes are the reason e-commerce costs increase.  He was involved in the insecurities that threaten the legitimate e-commerce businesses.  This crime involved many countries and with the partners of the FBI worldwide, the agency was able to dismantle this threat and ensure Mr. Sallnert faces justice.  

The operation was a part of the Operation Trident Tribunal which is an ongoing effort targeting cybercrime.  Mr. Sallnert was arrested in Denmark on January 19, 2012 and extradited to the US in March 2012.  He plead guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of accessing a protected computer to commit fraud.

Scareware is malicious software that poses as legitimate computer security software and purports to detect a variety of threats on the affected computer that do not actually exist.  Scareware uses various methods of conning the victims such as fake web pages posing as scans.
CRMFraudCLSFCTN10060004
CRMJames A. Lovell, the mission commander for Apollo 13 notified the FBI that the Medal of Freedom originally cast for him in 1970 was up for sale on an internet auction site.  This medal was defective and replaced by a new medal so it was not in Lovell’s possession.  The FBI identified the seller and seized the medal and accessories including the wooden storage box bearing the presidential seal.  At the time of the article no arrests had been made or charges filed.  However, since the medal still technically belonged to the White House, it could be considered theft of government property.CLSFCTN10260000
A member of the Infragard program notified the Birmingham, Alabama FBI field office of the FBI regarding computer hackers in Europe who compromised the WEP encryption used in wireless networks.  They were reportedly ready to share the secret.  This would allow unauthorized users to tap into wireless networks protected by WEP.  It was recommended that users protect their wireless networks with newer protocols such as WPA2, TKIP, or AES.CRMCLSFCTN0
Online gambling is illegal in the U.S. with the exception of some free online games, fantasy leagues, and Indian gaming sites.  It is also illegal for businesses to run gambling website and solicit online bets, including handling transactions for online gamblers.

There are currently dozens of FBI cases against the owners of these illegal online gambling sites.  The FBI is also initiating cases against the companies supporting the transactions involved in online gambling.  In 2003 an internet financial services company paid $10 million in a civil agreement stemming from allegations that it supported illegal offshore gaming and online gambling.
CRMCLSFCTN10120001
CRMAn ongoing operation referred to as “Operation Bot Roast” was launched to combat the problem of botnets.  The FBI identified approximately 1 million computers that were compromised and were part of botnets.  
Operation Botnet has resulted in the arrest of numerous individuals around the nation.  This operation was launched due to the national security implications regarding botnets.  The owners of these botnets can:
o	Steal identities
o	Launch SPAM campaigns
o	Engage in click fraud
o	Launch DOS attacks.

One of the difficulties in combatting botnets is that many times the owners of the infected computers don’t even realize they are infected.  There is no easy way to tell.
CLSFCTN10130002
Puchasing accounts at schools fraudulently obtained via social engineering; later merchandise was bought by thieves using these accounts and fake email accounts, and shipped overseas for sale.  School was billed for undelivered merchandise.  Suppliers had no recourse and had to assume the loss.CRMNon-Auction - Sale of Stolen GoodsCLSFCTN10260003
Criminals call people and tell them their relative/friend has been kidnapped which they have not.  The criminal urges the victim to wire money quickly to assure safe return of kidnap victim.  Sense of urgency to prevent victim from checking up on alleged victim.CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN10030000
Criminals setup phony Government websites which captured email account user names and passwords of Government people logging in think it was a real Government site.  Criminals then used the account information to order computer supplies in the victims’ names and ordered the supplies shipped to an address from which they were sent to Africa and sold on the black market.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Criminals contact people who registered with on-line dating websites. The criminals pose as people whose personnel information was obtained from other social websites so they would look real.  The relationship develops on line.  Later the criminals ask the victim for money.CRMRelationship FraudCLSFCTN10230000
Mr. Kernell was convicted and sentenced for intentionally accessing without authorization the e-mail account of the former Alaskan Gov. Sarah Palin and obstructing justice. Mr. Kernell unauthorized access to Gov. Palin\'s email was done by resetting her public online email accounts password.  Through a series of guessing the security questions he was allowed to reset the accounts password.  He then posted the account and password along with screen shots of read personal email on the Internet.  This all occurred on 16 September 2008.  After unauthorized entry into the email account he began to erase the evidence on his computer and else where in order to impede an anticipated FBI investigation.CRMa misdemeanor on unauthorized access to obtain info from a computer and obstruction of justiceCLSFCTN0
Mr. Qiang “Michael” Bi was convicted of copying more than 35,000 computer games and then reselling them on the Internet on Ebay.com and Amazon.com.  He used PayPal to collect the money with either his name attached or in others names..  He will have to make restitution to the companies who created the video games.  He is forfeiting his interest in his home, car, and all computer and electronic equipment used in the crime.
CRMMail Fraud, Copyright InfringementCLSFCTN0
Mr. Auernheimer of Ark, and Mr. Spitler of CA hacked into AT&T servers and obtained persnoal subscriber information. The hack was against Apples first generation iPad. Some models had the ability to connect to AT&T cell towers through an exchange of Integrated Circuit Card Identifiers, similar to Media Access Controller on computers Network Interface Card.  The ICC-ID was used in identifying the device and the user and was associated with the users confidential email address. The hack aimed an iPad 3G models to \'slurp\' up  email addresses. By faking an ICC-ID the AT&T servers accepted access to the network. Then a script was used to brute force ICC-IDs against information computer systems internal to AT&T. The pair got 120,000 ICC-ID/email address for iPad 3G customers. They then published there findings and wrote a story on the hack. Each got upto five years in prison and $250,000 fines.CRMAccessing a computer without authorization, and fraudCLSFCTN0
Mr. Jeremey Parker of Texas was convicted of one count of wire fraud. Mr. Parker hacked (unauthorized access to a computer system) into SWReg, Inc., a susidiary of the cyber-based company Digital River, Inc. in order to steal money. SWReg is a royalties credit banking system. Independent software developers have accounts and can cash out and the money is transferred to an accredited banking institution e.g., Citibank, Chase, PayPal, etc. Mr. Parker hacked in created a dummy account and caused real accounts to transfer their funds into that account from which he transferred it to his bank account. He stole approximately $275,000.
Mr. Parker hacked into NASAs Greenbelt MD servers supporting oceanographic streaming data from satellites of paying customers and institutions. The hack caused NASA $43,000 in damages and shutdown the servers to appropriately 3,300 users.CRMWire Fraud, Computer HackingCLSFCTN0
Mr Shaikh a founding member of YouSendIt, Inc was charged with and pleaded guilty to the transmission of a code to cause damage to a protected computer. Allegedly used the ApacheBench computer code, meant to measure performance of web servers, to the companies web servers. He overwhelmed the servers rendering them to handle legitimate network traffic. CRMtransmission of a code to cause damage to a protected computer CLSFCTN0
Mr. Jason Cornish of Georgia was arrested with allegations in shutting down and crashing systems within Shionogi Inc. a Japanese pharmaceutical company network where Mr. Cornish was a former employee. Mr. Cornish used his knowledge and access to the network to gain unauthorized access and with the help of previously installed malicious intended software removed 15 virtual hosts. These hosts acted as 88 virtual machines. Each of the hosts were specifically targeted with the intent to do harm with the maximum amount of damage. He was tracked through his access from his home and a local McDonald\'s, were he used a credit card to purchase items.
CRMknowingly transmitting computer code with the intent to damage computers in interstate commerceCLSFCTN0
This case involves WikiLeaks a web sight with anarchy overtones in the guise of freedom of speech and liberty for all. WikiLeaks runs a similar business financial model as does Wikipedia by accepting donations through online banking such as PayPal. In late November 2010, the web sight published a large amount of classified U.S. State Department cables. Citing violations of their of the PayPal terms PayPal suspended WikiLeaks account. In retaliation a small group of computer enthusiasts donned the “Anonymous” cloak and began a campaign attacking PayPals computer servers by conducting a Distributive Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
Among the core individuals arrested and charged with the DDoS attack against PayPals servers a handful of individuals a Mr. Arciszewski was arrested on unauthorized access to Tampa Bay InfraGard web servers, and Mr. Moore whom exceeded his authorized access to AT&T servers to download thousands documents and posted them through a computer hacking group LulzSec.CRMvarious counts of conspiracy and intentional damage to a protected computer without authorizationCLSFCTN0
ransomware and cryptolocker tasks forces have been setup by the FBI to combat this threat, USCERT has setup a website to engage and helpCRMransomwareCLSFCTN1003003
the end user / retailer must vigilant against such attackers and must be educated to identify these threats.CRMtwist on Nigerian price fraud, false delivery of goodsCLSFCTN10020009
insider attack with ID theft used, employers must be vigillantCRMID theft and credit fraudCLSFCTN10130002
better security is a must, against all arrays of criminal activityCRMcyberstalking CLSFCTN10150000
If you suspect that your phone has been effected you can reset the phone to factory defaults to eliminate unwanted programs.
CRMThe Stealth Genie App allows people to monitor many of the functions and usage of standard smart phone without the owner of the phone know that that were being monitored.  To work, a person would have to have access to the target\'s smart phone and download the Stealth Genie app to the target\'s phone.  The app is completely invisible to the phone\'s owner.   The aggressor can record and store data from the target\'s phone - the aggressor accesses the phone through a Stealth Genie portal through the internet.  Capabilities of the App:
•	Call Recording: Records all incoming/outgoing voice calls or those specified by the purchaser of the app.
•	Call Interception: Allows the purchaser to intercept calls on the phone to be monitored while they take place, without the knowledge of the monitored smartphone user.
•	Recorded Surroundings: Allows the purchaser to call the phone and activate it at any time to monitor all surrounding conversations within a 15-foot radius without the knowledge of the user.
•	Electronic Mail: Allows the purchaser to monitor the incoming and outgoing e-mail messages of user, read their saved drafts, and view attachments.
•	SMS: Allows the purchaser to monitor the user’s incoming and outgoing SMS messages.
•	Voicemail: Allows the purchaser to monitor the incoming voicemail messages.
•	Contacts: Allows the purchaser to monitor the entries in the user’s address book.
•	Photos: Allows the purchaser to monitor the photos on the user’s phone.
•	Videos: Allows the purchaser to monitor the videos on the user’s phone.
•	Appointments: Allows the purchaser to monitor the user’s calendar entries.CLSFCTN0
Two individuals are in Federal custody -- Anyone with information concerning the whereabouts of (conspirator)  John Gordon Baden is asked to contact the FBI at telephone number (858) 320-1800 or submit a tip via the Internet at https://tips.fbi.gov
CRMStole over 40,000 identities by hacking into a mortgage company\'s server and then used the stolen identities to steal money from bank and brokerage accounts and purchase electronics.  Stolen funds and goods $10M
CLSFCTN10130002
Criminals obtained unauthorized access, in the form of passwords, to approximately 5,921 e-mail accounts and received approximately $356,235.35 in fees from customers.CRMIndividuals operated and participated in an online business that would provide customers with other people\'s email account user names and passwords for a fee.
CLSFCTN10080007
CRM
•	News url:  http://www.fbi.gov/baltimore/press-releases/2014/four-members-of-international-computer-hacking-ring-indicted-for-stealing-gaming-technology-apache-helicopter-training-software
•	News Title: Four Members of International Computer Hacking Ring Indicted for Stealing Gaming Technology, Apache Helicopter Training Software 
Two Plead Guilty to Computer Hacking and Intellectual Property Theft
•	Crime:  Individuals have been charged with hacking into computer networks of prominent companies and the Dept of Defense and stealing proprietary XBox gaming software and Apache Helicopter SW used to train Army pilots.  The charges in the indictment include conspiracies to commit computer fraud, copyright infringement, wire fraud, mail fraud, identity theft and theft of trade secrets. The defendants are also charged with individual counts of aggravated identity theft, unauthorized computer access, copyright infringement and wire fraud.  Specifically, the data cyber-theft allegedly included source code, technical specifications and related information for Microsoft’s then-unreleased Xbox One gaming console; intellectual property and proprietary data related to Xbox Live, Microsoft’s online multi-player gaming and media-delivery system; Apache helicopter simulator software developed by Zombie Studios for the U.S. Army; a pre-release version of Epic’s video game, “Gears of War 3;” and a pre-release version of Activision’s video game, “Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.” The defendants also allegedly conspired to use, share and sell the stolen information.
•	Crime Classification: 10080007
•	Investigation: No specifics were presented on the investigation.  Individuals hacked into the network of the companies involved and then stole/hacked the passwords of employees of the companies and the DOD to steal IP.
•	Notes:  The value of the IP and associated costs to the victims is $100-$200M
CLSFCTN0
The value of the IP and associated costs to the victims is $100-$200M
CRMIndividuals have been charged with hacking into computer networks of prominent companies and the Dept of Defense and stealing proprietary XBox gaming software and Apache Helicopter SW used to train Army pilots.  The charges in the indictment include conspiracies to commit computer fraud, copyright infringement, wire fraud, mail fraud, identity theft and theft of trade secrets. The defendants are also charged with individual counts of aggravated identity theft, unauthorized computer access, copyright infringement and wire fraud.  Specifically, the data cyber-theft allegedly included source code, technical specifications and related information for Microsoft’s then-unreleased Xbox One gaming console; intellectual property and proprietary data related to Xbox Live, Microsoft’s online multi-player gaming and media-delivery system; Apache helicopter simulator software developed by Zombie Studios for the U.S. Army; a pre-release version of Epic’s video game, “Gears of War 3;” and a pre-release version of Activision’s video game, “Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.” The defendants also allegedly conspired to use, share and sell the stolen information.CLSFCTN10080007
The criminal will be sentenced in June and faces a 5-20 year prison sentence and up to $250,000 fine.
CRMDistribution of Child Pornography
CLSFCTN10210001
Bank fraud is a crime punishable by up to 30 years in prison and $1 million fine. Money laundering carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
CRMPleaded guilty to Bank Fraud and Money Laundering
CLSFCTN10200000
The individual could be sentenced to no greater than 20 years in prison, three years of supervised release, a fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss, whichever is greater, and restitution. 
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to wire fraud.  The individual received stolen credit and debit card information and related card holder information over on-line forums set up specifically to steal this information. 
CLSFCTN10070000
It is also alleged that Da Silva, the co-owner, President and a Director of 21 Celsius, Inc., a Canadian corporation that ran Marketbay.com, entered into an affiliate marketing arrangement with Nguyen that allowed him to generate revenue from his computer hacks. 
CRMIndividuals hacked into multiple large scale email service providers, stole mass quantities of email addresses and more importantly took over the email platforms of these LSE companies and leveraged the platform\'s use to send out bulk email to targeted email addresses and reap the profit.  The indictment alleges that Nguyen used various methods to gain unauthorized access into the ESPs’ computer databases. In some instances Nguyen allegedly directed e-mail phishing campaigns at employees of the ESPs, which are fraudulent e-mails designed to resemble e-mails from trustworthy persons or entities, but in fact are designed to trick the recipients into clicking a link on the e-mail. Nguyen’s phishing campaigns allegedly delivered malware, which allowed him backdoor access to the ESP employees’ computer systems and enabled him to steal sensitive information, including the employees’ access credentials for the ESPs’ computer systems. Using stolen access credentials, Nguyen was not only able to allegedly steal confidential information by downloading the information from the ESPs’ computer systems to a server that he controlled in the Netherlands, but was also able to utilize the ESPs’ computer systems to launch spam attacks on tens of millions of stolen e-mail addresses.
CLSFCTN10080005
Mark Kandel has been charged with enticement of five minors via the Internet and a cellular device.
CRM*Sexual Solicitation/Obscene Communications with MinorsCLSFCTN89
Six Romanian nationals and one Albanian national have been arrested for fraud. The defendants would falsely advertise vehicles, boats and other high-value items for sale. Buyers would unknowingly wire money into accounts set up by the defendants\' co-conspirators. The money would then be forwarded to the defendants.CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN14
Christopher Rad has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit securities fraud. He worked with others to manipulate the price of stocks so they could be dumped for a profit. Paid spammers would infect and hijack computers to distribute spam that had been carefully worded by Rad to support his securities fraud efforts. Furthermore hackers were hacking into brokerage accounts to manipulate the stocks involved in the securities fraud by Rad.CRMComputer Fraud/CrimeCLSFCTN14
CRMComputer Fraud/Crime, identify theftCLSFCTN14
(No Crime) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), James Comey, wrote this article.  Its purpose was to discuss the evolving issues with cyber security as techniques and capabilities of hackers and malicious groups increase.  He made statements how they are trying to improve communication with the private sector such that efficient two-way information can be passed, increasing the effectiveness of security procedures and actions.  He mentioned new tools that the bureau was providing to investigate software (such as BACSS) and the number of organizations they were working with (such as “the Domestic Security Alliance Council, InfraGard, and the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance”).CRMCLSFCTN0
After his position was terminated a contractor for a Toyota Motor Manufacturing plant in Kentucky, Ibrahimshah Shahulhameed, used a company computer to maliciously damage software and computer systems.  Shortly after his termination, Shahulhameed logged in remotely from his residence using the computer and intentionally changed code and information in several Toyota computing systems, causing them to malfunction.  Shahulhameed even attempted to destroy evidence of his access.  Shahulhameed faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison.CRMComputer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property)CLSFCTN10080000
(No Crime) This article warns of the possible scams criminals use through online dating and social network sites.  It lists the common steps that are taken (such as sharing information, communicating, then asking for help with money).  It provides information for the Internet Crime Complaint Center for those who believe they are victims of such a scam, and finally common indicators of scam artists on dating websites.CRMCLSFCTN0
Jason White, an art gallery owner, was arrested on charges of federal cyberstalking.  White allegedly stalked previous business contacts, posting personal and derogatory information onto websites he created in an effort to demand payment and extort them.  White allegedly emailed and texted demands and turned threatening when they were not meant.  In multiple cases, White even included the information of the victims’ children and threatened their safety as well.  His crime carries a potential sentence of five years in prison. CRMCyber-Stalking/Forum AbuseCLSFCTN10150003
A New Jersey man was charged with three counts related to hacking (“conspiracy to transmit information to damage a protected computer, transmitting information to damage a protected computer, and attempted transmission of information to damage a protected computer”) after allegedly conspiring with a known hacker group.  The man, Matthew Keys, was previously employed by a news company owned by Tribune Media in Sacramento, CA.  After his termination, Keys allegedly provided login information to members of the hacker group Anonymous that allowed access to Tribune Media servers.  The Anonymous members were then able to modify the content of the Los Angeles Times online news site.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Cody Kretsinger, a member of the hacker group LulzSec (Lulz Security) was sentenced to time in federal prison for his involvement with a attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment.  Kretsinger and other members of the hacker group utilized an exploit in Sony Pictures’ servers using an SQL injection attack, allowing access to sensitive personal information of Sony customers (such as “names, addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses”).  Kretsinger and the group then distributed the data on the Internet.  Kretsinger was sentenced to one year and one day in prison, one year of home detention, 1,000 hours of community service, and must pay $605,663 in restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Raynaldo Rivera, a member of the hacker group LulzSec (Lulz Security) was sentenced to time in federal prison for his involvement with a attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment.  Rivera and other members of the hacker group utilized an exploit in Sony Pictures’ servers using an SQL injection attack, allowing access to sensitive personal information of more than 138,000 Sony customers (such as “names, addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses”).  Rivera and the group then distributed the data on the Internet.  Rivera was sentenced to one year and one day in prison, 13 months of home detention, 1,000 hours of community service, and must pay $605,663 in restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(Identity Theft, 10130002 – Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) Karen “Gary” Kazaryan was sentenced to 60 months in federal prison for computer hacking and identity theft.  Kazaryan hacked into “hundreds of online accounts” in order to extort and coerce women into providing him with naked images.  Kazaryan would search accounts for images and contacts that would become additional victims.  If victims did not provide the images, Kazaryan would post the images found on the account on the Internet.  During the sentencing, the judge labeled Kazaryan as a “cyber terrorist”.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
Donald Christopher Daily worked for an engineering company and demanded 75 percent of the $92,500 expected salary or else he would disclose allegedly damaging financial and other information about company business if not paid after he abruptly quit his job.  Employees found a computer in Daily’s former locked lab that was streaming live email of the company’s CEO.  In addition, the FBI arrested Daily and searched his residence. An analysis of his personal computer revealed he collected every employee’s personal information such as names and salaries.  Daily also confessed to hacking into a former girlfriend’s email and bank accounts from a company computer.  Daily could be sentenced to two years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for extortion and one year in prison for illegally accessing a computer.CRMExtortion, IntrusionCLSFCTN10030000
Karen “Gary” Kazaryan was arrested in connection with illegally accessing women’s Facebook, Skype, and email accounts and extorting them into showing their naked bodies. Kazaryan hacked into the accounts, changed the passwords, searched for naked pictures and friends names.  He then would convince the friend’s to send naked pictures by posing as the women and convincing their friends to pose naked.  If the women did not comply for additional photos after discovering that they were not talking with their friend, he would post their naked pictures on Facebook.
Kazaryan victimized more than 350 women.  However, more than 3000 pictures were discovered on Kazaryan’s computer.  Kazaryan could face 105 years in federal prison.
CRMExtortionCLSFCTN10030000
Lewis John Davies was sentence to between 66 to 78 months in prison, five years of probation for enticing a minor into having sex.  Davies will also be on the sex offenders list and be required to receive counseling.  Davies will also surrender the computer and materials he used for the crime.  The Crime was prosecuted under The Project Safe Childhood which combines federal, state, and local resources to capture and prosecute child sexual abusers.CRMChild AbuseCLSFCTN10210006
Christopher Patrick Gunn was able to befriend girls then he would get them to talk about personal issues such as bra size, sexual history, and other intimate details.  Gunn would then threaten to expose the girl’s information and destroy their reputation if the girl’s did not send more revealing images and videos.  
Gunn would collect as much information as possible including the girl’s friends names, schools attended, and parent’s names.  Once Gunn obtained a photo the girl’s would comply with his demands in order to prevent their reputations from being ruined.  Gunn used two methods: the new kid ruse and the Justin Bieber ruse.  The new kid ruse consisted of posting a fake photo and stating he wanted to make new friend in town,  The Justin Bieber use consisted of Gunn pretending to be Bieber on interactive video chat services offering tickets or back stage passes in exchange for naked photos.

Gunn victimized girls in 6 states and Ireland.  The FBI got involved after several police departments reported the crimes.  Parents in Alabama were the first to tip off authorities.  Gunn received 35 years I prison.
CRMChild Abuse - PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Other crimes noted in this news item were money laundering, computer virus, and non-delivery of merchandiseCRMIllegal BusinessCLSFCTN10140000
Other crimes noted in this news item were Banking Fraud, Computer Virus, and Account HackingCRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN10080003
CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN10030000
The other crime noted in this news item was obstructing justiceCRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
Check the appendices...there\'s some good shit in there.CRMIC3 officially partnered with the National White Collar Crimes Center (NW3C), the FBI, and the Bureau of Justice Assistance, Dept of Justice for the release of this report.   They have also become important enough and so widely established that the UK, Canada, and Germany have modeled their centers after IC3.  In this report, the IC3 continues to improve its customer relations front.  They clearly spent some time putting together a more comprehensive Executive Summary and have now included a step-by-step introduction to the IC3 and their processes.  I learned that there are three ways your report is used: it can become a public service announcement; it can be released to appropriate law enforcement personnel; or it can be rolled up into larger intel reports.  The gender gap between victims continued to shrink in 2012.  The age groups affected stayed largely the same.  The most populous states were again home to the most victims and the most perpetrators.  Auto-sale fraud became a big scam in 2012.  Perps would post attractive vehicle deals online and claim they need to sell them quickly for various reasons.  The difference this year is that the criminals would pose as dealers, thereby allowing them to post multiple vehicles at one time.  The hitman scheme also regained some ground this year.  This scam is where the victim would receive an email claiming they were the target of a hit.  The hitman would claim they could call off the hit if the victim would pay $XXX.  The spin the current criminals used would include gathering information on the victim from social media and using that as a way to act as if they were sent by someone close to them.  They would also act as if they were a part of a terrorist organization.  There were almost 300k complaints in 2012, totaling over $525m!  The average amount lost was near $4800 per incident on average.  My one complaint about this new format is that a lot of the deep information is relegated to later pages or left out completely.  I liked having all of the technical jargon and intense statistics, even if it wasn’t user friendly.CLSFCTN0
Criminals produced and sold counterfeit music CDs and pirated movie DVDs. This was a violation of copyright laws.CRMNon-Auction - Delivery of Fake ProductCLSFCTN10060004
Criminal hacked into restricted law enforcement databases to obtain personal information about people to be used for later fraud schemes.  The criminal was an auxiliary policeman who did not have access permissions to these databases.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Criminal obtained credit and debit cards (some stored value cards) to purchase merchandise which was shipped by confederates to addresses from which the merchandise was sold to consumers.CRMCredit/Debit Card FraudCLSFCTN10070000
Criminals stole about one billion emails addresses and other information from U.S.  email service providers.  This information would be used in other schemes to make money.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
CRMHackingCLSFCTN59
Alexander Waterland pled guilty to consiparcy to commit Internet extortion. Waterland downloaded information of students and faculty with  the plan of utilizing said information in a Internet threat to the University of Pittsburgh.CRMCLSFCTN0
Andrew Auernheimer was convicted of breaching AT&T\'s servers, stealing personal information from approximately 120,000 Apple iPad users, and releasing that information to a reporter. The scheme involved a brute force attack receiving information when the correct information was entered.CRMHackingCLSFCTN59
Anthony F. DeFilippo pled guilty to defrauding Walmart.com. DeFilippo would sell merchandise through his eBay account and then another participant would the fraudulenty purchase from Walmart.com. DeFilippo would also withdraw money from the eBay account.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMOn 4/17/07 Cristobal Fernando Gonzales, owner of a web hosting company, posted an online threat stating that he was going to kill 50 San Diego State University students.CLSFCTN10150002
In November 2007, at a major address on cyber security at Penn State, FBI Director Mueller discussed the increasing risks on the Internet.  He described the “cyber blockade” of Estonia in April 2007 which shut down Estonian banks, emergency phone lines, gas stations, grocery stores, newspaper and television stations, and the prime minister’s office.  The Director also spoke about the increase in terrorist’s use of the web, in particular the al Qaeda webmaster who hacked computers, stole credit card accounts, and bought $3 million worth of equipment.  He also acknowledged the increase in the use of botnets to wreak havoc and hackers use of sophisticated techniques to steal sensitive info, scientific research, and communications data.CRMCLSFCTN0
The FBI announced the second phase of Operation Bot Roast, which began in June 2007.  Two individuals who were previously charged plead guilty in court.  Three other individuals were sentenced.  CRMThe FBI and their partner’s investigations resulted in the indictment of three more individuals and uncovered a DOS attack against a major university in the Philadelphia area.  CLSFCTN10080006
Swatting involves hackers breaking into phone systems and calling 9-1-1 to report fake emergencies to draw a response from law enforcement, usually SWAT teams.  This puts both the first responders and members of the community at risk.  

CRMA 19 year old Washington State man was recently charged by authorities in California with pretending to call from a home in California and report that he just murdered someone.  The local SWAT team responded to the call.

The FBI Field Office in Dallas prosecuted a case against five swatters from several states who were using online party chat lines.  The swatters accessed telecommunication company computers and stole personal details of victims.  They then manipulated computer and phone equipment to call 9-1-1 around the country and were even able to make it look like the calls originated in the victims homes. From 2002 – 2006 these five swatters called 9-1-1 in 60 cities nationwide, victimized more than 100 people, caused disruption for telecommunications providers and emergency responders resulting in up to $250,000 in losses.  This group was eventually tracked down by the cooperation of local, state, and federal authorities.  The case involved more than 40 state and local jurisdictions in about a dozen states.  The offenders plead guilty and were sentenced in 2008.
CLSFCTN10080006
student stole various IDs to promote himself to student presidentCRMID theftCLSFCTN10130002
blackmailer sent to jail for 35 years, attacker blackmailed victims for over 2 years until students voiced concerns CRMblackmail extortionCLSFCTN10030001
international crimes require coordination with multiple different law enforcement agencies to be effectiveCRMchild PornCLSFCTN10210001
over 1 million users were infected by this scheme and required multiple law enforcement agencies to coordinate to corner the attacker and originators of the malicious softwareCRMScarewareCLSFCTN1003003
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Romanian man pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud.  Alexandru Stanciu and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Stanciu and his co-conspirators, they were provided to directly wire payments to bank accounts held by Stanciu or other members of his group after which no vehicle was ever provided to them.  Stanciu and his co-conspirators were identified as conducting these operations from late 2011 to mid 2013, obtaining approximately $321,389 in the process.  Stanciu could face sentences as high as 30 years in prison and a $1,000,000 fine. CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
The person convicted for the crime, Christopher Michael Sudlik, was determined to be part of the hacker group Anonymous. Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system, the group carried out a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the Angel Soft bathroom tissues site. Angel Soft’s parent company Koch Industries was determined to be the target of the attack and incurred revenue losses of several hundred thousand dollars during the three-day attack.  Sudlik was sentenced to 36 months probation and 60 hours of community service as well as ordered to pay $110,932.71 in restitution.CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN0
This article goes over what couple possibly be described as the first “online bank robbery” or cyber crime regarding a financial institution.  In July of 1994, corporate customers at a major U.S. bank discovered large sums of money missing from their accounts.  After the FBI was notified, illegal transactions were discovered through careful monitoring and (after working with Russian authorities) the Russian criminals and hackers involved were discovered and arrested.  This case led to an increase in the FBI’s cyber security and digital crimes capabilities.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A Russian national, who was known to be one of the top developers for malicious software (“malware”), was arrested and pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud.  Aleksandr Andreevich Panin was the primary developer behind the malware software “SpyEye”, which infected target computers and allowed criminals to remotely access the computers information.  Through this access criminals were able to acquire financial information and accounts that they could then use to steal money.  Panin was also the primary distributor of SpyEye, and it is believed to infect more than 1.4 million computers.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
CRMIndividual was convicted of stalking and attempted extortion of art professionals and their families.  The individual created derogatory websites, posted derogatory messages about former associates and their families and sent threatening text and email messages.  The messages threatened physical injury to his former associates and family members unless they paid hundreds of thousands of dollars.CLSFCTN10030000
The conspiracy to commit wire fraud count carries a maximum potential penalty of 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense. The conspiracy to commit fraud and related activity in connection with authentication features count carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense. A date for sentencing has not yet been determined.
CRMDefendant admitted to being the mastermind of an online retailer of fake payment cards and fake holographic overlays used to make fake drivers licenses.  Pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit fraud and related activities with authentication features.  The fakeplastic.net website was used by criminals across the country and owned and operated by the defendant.  CLSFCTN10130001
 This case was investigated by the Las Cruces office of the FBI and the NMSU Police Department, and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Marisa A. Lizarraga of the U.S. Attorney’s Las Cruces Branch Office. th defendant faces a statutory maximum penalty of ten years in prison. 
CRMDefendant allegedly used the internet to make a threat or maliciously convey false information.  Specifically the defendant threatened to shoot up the New Mexico State college campus on an internet chat site.  18,900 students, faculty and citizens were advised and the college was closed.CLSFCTN10270001
The charges carry a total maximum statutory penalty of 30 years in prison.
CRMDefendant charged with 3 charges of unauthorized computer access, and attempt to steal and export trade articles and trade secrets of the C-17, F-22 and F-35.CLSFCTN10080005
•	Notes: Bogdan Boceanu, New Haven, CT, was found guilty in connection with an internet phishing scheme.  By sending our fake emails containing a fake link, posing as from a legitimate company or bank, Boceanu was to obtain the personal information of users.  The case was discovered when a Madison, CT resident contacted the FBI reporting suspicious email form People’s Bank.  The email instructed the victim to click on a link to unlock her account. After investigating, the email came from a compromised computer in Minnesota.  
A loose knit conspiracy from people in Craiova, Romania, and neighboring areas shared files, tools and stolen information obtained through phishing. The co-conspirator’s shared and used collector accounts which contained credit or debit card numbers, expiration, security codes, names, telephones, birthdays and social security numbers.  Companies targeted were Citibank, Capital One, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Comerica Bank, eBay, a others.

The investigation resulted in charged 19 individuals with various offenses such as bank fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud.  They face a maximum of 35 years in prison.
CRMPhishing, conspiracyCLSFCTN10070000
Cyber crime members from New Zealand, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Peru, and the United States were linked with malicious software, or malware, which infected over 11 million systems and caused more then $850 million in losses via the Butterfly Botnet.  The Butterfly Botnet steals users’ bank account, credit card, and other personal information.
“Botnet” is a robot network made of compromised computer systems used to execute denial of service attacks, conduct underground criminal activity, send spam email, and malware distribution. Facebook identified the root cause, perpetrators, and accounts affected by the malware from October 2010 to October 2012.  The FBI received invaluable international cooperation, assistance, and response from the following partner organizations: Bosnia and Herzegovina’s Republika Srpska Ministry of Interior; Republic of Croatia, Ministry of Interior General Police Directorate, National Police Office for Suppression of Corruption and Organized Crime; New Zealand Police; Peruvian National Police; and the United Kingdom’s Serious Organized Crime Agency.
CRMPhishing, fraudCLSFCTN0
Waya Nwaki, of Atlanta, was sentence to 75 months in prison after “phishing” and obtaining personal account information.  Nwaki, a/k/a “usaprince12k” plead guilty to four counts against him for participating in wire fraud, gaining unauthorized access to computers, and aggravated identity theft.  
Nwaki and company set up false internet e-commerce pages such as banks and payroll processors.  The victims visited the pages believing they were legitimate allowing their social security, user names and passwords, and mother’s maiden names to be stolen.  After Nwaki gained access to the accounts, he made unauthorized withdrawals. He also admitted to posing as company payroll officers when in contact with ADP in New Jersey.  The estimated loss was $1.3 million. Nwaki was sentenced also to three years of supervised release and ordered to pay $1,030,564 in restitution.
CRMPhishing, fraudCLSFCTN10060001
David W. Tuytjens of Bridgewater, New Jersey was sentenced to 120 months in prison for possession of child pornography on his laptops and DVDs.  Tuytjens was on lifelong parole for sexual assault and during a regular visit to his home, New Jersey State Parole Board officers examined his computer.  Tuyjens admitted he had downloaded the child pornography from the internet and stored it on his computer and DVDs.  
Tuytjens was also sentenced to five years of supervised release, registration of a sex offender, computer monitoring and restricted contact with minors.  

The Special Agent in Charge, Michael B. Ward was credited with the investigation.
CRMPornographyCLSFCTN10210001
In this news item, the FBI uncovers a telephone denial-of-service attack (DoS) that is a precursor to a crime that’s targeting consumer’s bank accounts. The investigation has found that criminals are using automated dialing programs/multiple accounts to overwhelm the phone lines then while the lines are tied up the masquerade as the victim and raid their bank, online trading or other money management account.  First the criminal uses social engineering tactics or malware to elicit personal information from the victim.  Next the criminal ties up various phone lines using technology. Then the criminal contacts the victim’s financial institution(s) or pilfers the victim’s online bank account(s) using a fraudulent transactions and when the financial institution(s) calls to verify the transactions the phone is tied up.  The criminal knowing this fact calls the financial institution(s) back to see why the transactions haven’t been completed finding they can’t be verified by phone and gives them another phone number (the criminal’s number).  The financial institution(s) calls the number and the transactions get processed.  By the time the financial institution(s) figure out what has happened the criminal has made off with the money!  The FBI had first learned of this emerging scheme through its private industry partners who told them of a Florida dentist that lost $400K from his retirement account after this DoS attach on his phone.  The FBI has teamed up with the Communication Fraud Control Association (security analysts, educators, and law enforcement from communication providers) to help fight these schemes.  The FBI gives the following advice;  take precautions and never give out personal information to an unsolicited phone caller or via e-mail, change online banking/automated telephone system password often, check your account balances often, be sure to protect your computers with current anti-virus software, if you believe you have been targeted by one of these schemes file a complaint on the FBI’s website at Internet Crime Complaint Center.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, mass marketing fraud (exploits mass communication techniques like bulk mail or telemarking) is on the rise due to the fact that criminal can now reach victims halfway around the world via the internet.  The FBI and its partners (e.g. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Secret Service, and U.S. Postal Inspection Service) are finding and prosecuting these criminals but realize an educated public needs to be part of the solution.  What consumers need to know is the Department of Justice blog and the FBI’s mass marketing fraud brochure have details on current scams and should be read on a regular basis.  Some of the current scams noted on these websites are 1) individuals outside the U.S. e-mail law firms for work, overpay retainer fees with a counterfeit check but ask that the remaining funds to be wired back overseas 2) online rental scammers forward a counterfeit check to a property owner for more than the amount of rent then ask for the difference to be wired back as well as duplicate posting from a legitimate online real estate site.  When contacted by the interested renters for these legitimate real estate properties they ask the interested party to send money and of course the victim finds out their money was never received by the legitimate online real estate site and 3) criminal send unsolicited fake e-mails from the FBI that ask for money or personal information.  The DoJ and FBI warn consumers about things like giving out personal information over the phone or by email, being pressured into buying something, being asked to pay by cash/money order/wire services, being told you have won a foreign lottery/sweepstakes, or being asked to help transfer funds out of a foreign country. CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, Gordon M. Snow, is named assistant director of the FBI’s Cyber Division.  He will be responsible for leading the FBI’s efforts to protect the U.S. against the highest criminal priorities:  cyber-based attacks and high-technology crimes.   Mr. Snow has a long investigative history (1992-present) and will be an asset to the FBI’s Cyber Division as his record demonstrates in the following bio.  His first assignment was to the Birmingham Division’s Huntsville Resident Agency. While there, he investigated violent crime, drug, civil rights, public corruption, and white-collar crime matters.  Next to the Critical Incident Response Group as a member of the Hostage Rescue Team where he took part in several sensitive rendition missions; conducted terrorism assessments overseas with the Department of State; and was assigned to assessment, protection, and investigative support missions after the bombing of the USS Cole in Aden, Yemen, and the embassy bombings in Nairobi, Kenya.  Then he spent some time at the Counterintelligence Division’s Middle East Unit and on to the Detroit Division, where he supervised the foreign counterintelligence program and served as the SWAT program coordinator. Next, he became the chief of the Weapons of Mass Destruction and Acquisition of U.S. Nuclear & Missile Technology Unit at FBI Headquarters and then was selected as the assistant special agent in charge of the San Francisco Division’s San Jose Resident Agency. There he had operational responsibility for the counterterrorism, cyber, white-collar crime, and several violent crime squads (San Jose members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force,  the High-Value Computer Crimes Task Force, the Silicon Valley Regional Computer Forensics Lab, and the Monterey Bay Resident Agency) and served as the SWAT program manager.  Later he was assigned to the Afghanistan theatre of operations as the FBI\'s on-scene commander for the Counterterrorism Division and came back to the U.S. as the section chief in the Cyber Division as well as being detailed to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and National Counterintelligence Executive. During his section chief in the Cyber Division assignment he and his staff drafted the government-wide Cyber Counterintelligence Plan under the Homeland Security Presidential Directive-23/National Security Presidential Directive-54 and the Comprehensive National Cyber Initiative.  Finally he was appointed as chief of the Cyber Division’s Cyber National Security Section, director of the National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force, and named deputy assistant director of the Cyber Division.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, The FBI summarizes the major complaints that topped the 2009 Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) list.  E-mail scams that used the FBI’s name to steal consumer’s money/personal information topped the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) list.  Over 336K complaints were received by the IC3 which was 16.6% of the 2009 complaints and was 22.3% higher than the 2008 figures for this type of complaint.  Other major complaints were non-delivered merchandise/non-payment (seller didn’t ship promised item/buyer didn’t pay for item) at 11.9%, advance fee fraud (victim asked to give money for goods/services but never received them) at 9.8%, Identity theft (someone stole/tried to steal a person’s identity or identity information) at 8.2%, and overpayment fraud (buyer sent a seller a counterfeit check/money order for amount greater than item and asked seller to deposit difference) at 7.3%.  During 2009 reported fraud and financial cases that were reported totaled over $559.7 million.  It’s important to file complaints even you don’t lose any money because all complaints are used to analyze trends, gather intelligence, and educate the public so if you feel you have been targeted be sure to submit a complaint to the IC3 website.  Some popular e-mail scams noted in the article are 1) a twist on a scam called the “hit-man” where a consumer receives an death threat e-mail but their life will be spared if sent money since the assassin knows someone in their family; 2) spam/pop-ups for astrological readings but only after consumer provides personal information and of course consumer never receives reading and has given criminal personal information; 3) economic stimulus scams where consumers receives a recorded phone message telling them to go to a website to apply for government stimulus but first pays a fee and enters personal information and of course never receives the stimulus money; and 4) fake pop-up indicating you have a computer virus and direct you to a website to buy software but actually download malicious code when you click the link.CRMCLSFCTN0
Matthew Weaver of Huntington Beach was sentenced after pleading guilty to wire fraud, unauthorized access to a computer, and identity theft.  Weaver hacked into computers stealing identities and password of over 700 students at Cal State San Marcos.  Weaver was sentenced to one year in prison.
Weaver hacked into the accounts in order to influence campus elections and win the class presidency.  He used keyloggers to hack into accounts stealing 745 passwords enabling him to cast 630 votes for himself and friends on the ballot.  Weaver claimed he was innocent and blamed other students for the incident. Prosecutors were astounded by the behavior.  Weaver was exposed during the final hour of the election when network administrators saw unusual activity on a computer names Academic Hall 204.   Administrators were able to identify Weaver after he cut and pasted user names and passwords into the VOTE account.  Administrators dispatched police, who entered the lab and discovering Weaver on the computer whose monitor was the only one not facing the rest of the room. Weaver claimed he was working on a project for school as he began shutting down the computer. The police confiscated his bag discovering 6 keyloggers.

Weaver faces up to 30 years in jail and $750,000 fine.
CRMWire Fraud, Unauthorized Access to a Computer, and Identity TheftCLSFCTN10110000
Cyrus Andres Sullivan was sentence to 24 months in federal prison for posting malicious and derogatory information about people on one of his websites.  Sullivan created an additional website and informed the victims they could pay money to have the information removed.  
One victim decided to fight back by discovering publically available information about Sullivan and posting it on-line.  Sullivan demanded she pay $30,000 and when she refused he threatened to kill her. Sullivan was arrested by the Portland Police Bureau.  Sullivan has prior offence consisting of criminal mischief in the second-degree, assaulting a public safety officer, harassment, and recklessly endangering other persons.  His current sentence was turned over to the feds and he was also convicted of obstruction of justice. Sullivan will 3 years supervised release including counseling and restricted access to computers.
CRMThreatening CommunicationCLSFCTN10150002
Russian citizen, Aleksandr Kalinin, aka “tempo”, was charged with hacking NASDAQ Stock Market servers.  Kalinin and a coconspirator were charged with an international scheme to steal bank account information and subsequently using the information to withdraw millions of dollars from victim’s bank accounts.  US Attorney stated cyber criminals are determined to victimize individuals as well as financial systems.  Kalinin infiltrated NASDAQ servers resulting in manipulation and theft of sensitive data.  Kalinin stole hundreds of thousands of bank account numbers, PINs by installing malicious software (malware) on NASDAQ servers to accomplish the theft.  Kalinin is charged with one count of computer hacking in connection with the NASDAQ hack, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison. In connection with the scheme to steal bank account information, KALININ is charged with one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison; four counts of bank fraud, each of which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison; one count of conspiracy to commit access device fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of seven and a half years in prison; one count of aggravated identity theft, which carries a mandatory sentence of two years in prison; and one count of conspiracy to commit computer intrusion, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.  NASDAQ, Citibank and PNC Bank cooperated with investigators.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080007
A retail brokerage account was the focal point of a Russian citizen living in New York. Pert Murmylyuk pled guilty of committing securities fraud.  Murmylyuk stole form online trading accounts at brokerage firms including E*Trade, Schwab, and other securities firms. The individual would steal information from victims then use that information to open “profit accounts” in other brokerage houses.  He would then cause the real account to make unprofitable and illogical trades resulting in gains in the profit accounts.  The total losses were approximately $1 million.  Murmylyuk faces five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.CRMHacking, FraudCLSFCTN10080007
California man is guilty of operation a website to facilitate prostitution.  Website is considered a facility of interstate commerce.  Website known as myRedBook.com hosted searchable advertisements posted by prostitutes.  Website collected fees from prostitutes and customers for enhanced features.CRMProstitutionCLSFCTN10220000
Two men operating an Internet scam involving an online auction site were charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud.  The operated an Internet scam which, through various eBay user names and aliases, offered luxury items, including BMWs and Rolex watches, for sale on the Internet auction site. They did not possess or did not intend to deliver the goods offered for sale.  Victims were told to wire payments to the criminals’ bank accounts.CRMAuction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN10020007
Over 400 The Onion Router (Tor) hidden service .onion addresses, including “dark market” websites are black markets that were offering illegal goods and services for sale.  The Tor network is a network of computers on the Internet designed to conceal the locations and names of users.  Illegal goods include drugs, guns, fake identification documents, counterfeit money, stolen credit cards, etc.CRMTrafficking in Illegal GoodsCLSFCTN10140002
The two men operated an Internet website to frighten Jewish leaders by encouraging Muslims to support Osama bin Laden, Anwar Al Awlaki, al Qaida, the Taliban, and others supporting violent jihad.  One of them posted to the website an inflammatory video and to seek out Jewish Federation chapters leadrs in the U.S. and “deal with them directly at their homes.”  Information was also provided on locations of these leaders and instructions for making bombs.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN10270001
Russell Freed was sentenced for violating child exploitation laws. Freed would have the 15-year old victims produces sexually explicit images of themselves and then send them to him. He would then use those images to coerce additional images. When the victim would not comply, he would distribute the photos he already possessed.CRMCLSFCTN0
Nelson Burtnick pled guilty to accepting payments in relation to unlawful Internet gambling. Since accepting payments was against the law, companies turned to payment processors who would disguise the payments and deceive banks into processing poker transactions.CRM63CLSFCTN0
Jamie Lynn Erwin and Shadwonna Marie Bausily participatig in a credit card skimming operation. Bausily used a credit card skimmer to steal credit card information from customers of the Amarillo Tex\'s Steakhouse and Saloon in Alton, Illinois. Bausily recruited Erwin to help in the scheme.CRM12CLSFCTN0
James S. Allen has been charged with cyberstalking and other crimes. Allen would attempt to obtain pornographic pictures of minors and then assert that he found naked pictures of them on the Internet. The site the victims were directed to was a “phishing” website. Allen would commandeer victim\'s e-mail accounts and threaten that if they did not partake in a Skype call with sexual conduct, the naked photos would be distributed.CRM70CLSFCTN0
Skylar Iam Feurstein pled guilty to accessing a protected computer. Feurstein communicated with a young woman living in London. When she attempted to end the communication, Feurstein threatened her and her family. When the defendant would not stop upon authorities\' requests and then attempted to hack into the victim\'s account, he was arrested.CRMCLSFCTN0
FBI and USCERT officials seized the servers and domains of the botnet masters to help mitigate and disrupt the command control of the botnet.  Zeus utilized peer to peer communication to distrubute its command and control network.  CRMSpywareCLSFCTN10080004
Blackshades is a mainly a remote access tool based trojan, which infects the system.  The software could be purchased for ~$40 USD and was often connected with \"\"carding\"\" criminal offense.  Which dealt in the buying and selling of credit card information used to create fraudulent transactions.  The blackshades malware is also capable of randsomware, keylogging and DDoS attacks.\"CRMspywareCLSFCTN10080004
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A Russian national, who was known to be one of the top developers for malicious software (“malware”), was arrested and pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud. Aleksandr Andreevich Panin was the primary developer behind the malware software “SpyEye”, which infected target computers and allowed criminals to remotely access the computers information. Through this access criminals were able to acquire financial information and accounts that they could then use to steal money.  Panin was also the primary distributor of SpyEye, and it is believed to infect more than 1.4 million computers.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
be weary of job postings that do not seem legetimate or suspicious.  These postings could be used to steal more personal information from you.  Additionally, do not send any personally identifable information over the web to these job postings.  Insist on doing these transactions in person.\"CRMID TheftCLSFCTN10130001
The attacker than phones the victim\'s financial institution and pilfers their accounts and the institutions are unable to contact the victim due to the DOS,attacks targeted a wide variety of  lower security systems to gain access and defraud victims instead of going against better secured corporate networks.  A global network of law enforcement officials worked together to take down the hacking group that created the ZEUS botnet software.  money was often laundered by overseas money mules which created bank accounts to funnel the money through,
CRMPayment FraudCLSFCTN10200000
(Computer Fraud/Crime, 0) Five U.S. citizens and 6 internationals were charged with various offenses of computer fraud/hacking in courts in the U.S., Romania, India, and China.  In the U.S., two operators of an e-mail hacking site that charged for the service of providing passwords for accounts each face a possible five years in prison for affecting almost 6,000 email accounts.  The other three U.S. citizens were charged with misdemeanor offenses for paying websites to obtain passwords for e-mail accounts.  The international charges in Romania, India, and China by the respective countries’ investigation/security bureaus were for offenses related to hosting and operating websites offering account hacking services.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
(No Crime) This article is provided as a public service announcement (PSA) regarding a targeted phishing scam in Oklahoma.  Utility customers have been receiving fraudulent phone calls and emails indicating that they are past due with payments and to provide credit and/or bank account information to continue service.CRMCLSFCTN0
(Interstate Stalking) After spending two years communicating with someone who he thought was a woman, Michigan resident Brian Curtis Hile discovered that the person he was talking to was actually a man from South Africa using a woman’s photos from a leaked account to conduct a catfish scheme. Enraged since he traded explicit images and private information with the man, Hile began investigating whom the images belonged to. Using public information on the Internet, chat rooms, and eventually hacking into the woman’s account, Hile traveled to the woman’s residence to kill both her and her boyfriend. Arrested just miles from the woman’s residence with detailed information and supplies to carry out the murders, Hile was subsequently charged with interstate stalking and sentenced to five years in federal prison.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
This investigation, which resulted in criminal charges against 19 Romanian citizens, was conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in New Haven, Conn.  U.S. Attorney Daly acknowledged the critical assistance provided by the U.S. Department of Justice Office of International Affairs, the FBI Legal Attaché in Bucharest, Interpol, the Romanian National Police and the United States Marshals Service.CRMConvicted of an internet phishing schemeCLSFCTN10060004
If convicted of the offense charged in the information, a violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 1030(a)(5)(A) and (c)(4)(B), the defendant would face a maximum sentence of 10 years, and a fine of $250,000, plus restitution. CRM Individual hacked into the helpdesk (Zendesk) for Twitter and disabled security settings that allowed the hackers to view and download over 1 million helpdesk tickets for Twitter.  He used the information to compromise and deface Twitter accounts of 2 companies.CLSFCTN10080007
CRMCriminals accused of using fake emails with email addresses that are very similar to the correct email addresses of targeted companies.  The emails targeted company executives pretending to be other company owners or executives and directing the CFO to wire money to fake accounts.CLSFCTN10080005
naCRMMan was arrested for using the mail and internet to facilitate prostitution and money laundering.  The sites have been taken down and were confiscated by the FBI.CLSFCTN10220000
In this news item, the FBI informs the public about their InfraGard Initative, FBI collaborates with representatives from the private and public sectors to help protect our nation’s critical infrastructure and key resources from attacks (e.g. computer intrusions, physical security breaches), and describes how the information its members (85 chapters and more than 35,000 state, local, and tribal law enforcement, academia, other government agencies, communities, and private industry members nationwide) provide helps investigations, organizations involved, and the larger community.  Its initial focus was on cybercrime (e.g. cyber intrusions, crime trends) which was later expanded to include terrorism, intelligence, criminal, and security matters. This partnership is smart in that most of the U.S. infrastructure components (e.g. utility, transportation, telecommunication, water and food supplies, public health, and financial services) are privately owned/operated. A few examples were 1) information about a financial institution victimized by an online banking fraud in which large amounts of money were moved in/out of the company’s accounts, 2) an intrusion into a computer system that resulted in defacement of some state agency websites, and 3) a U.S. business was hit with a SQL injection attack that inserted code into its website allowing the criminals to get access to their customer credit card/order databases.  Chapter level meetings are held to discuss threats, best practices, lessons learned, and other matters that impact their companies, agencies, communities etc… The FBI participates in these meetings and servers as the InfraGard coordinator.  These members also have access to an FBI secure communications network that has things like an encrypted website with web mail, listservs, and message boards.  This communication network aids in the dissemination of FBI threat alerts/advisories and to send out intelligence products.  The FBI has been able to open hundreds of cases and receive investigative assistance on over 1000 case from valuable information provided from members of InfraGard in the last couple of years.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, FBI Director discusses cyber threats and how the FBI is working with its partners around the world to tackle them at the annua RSA computer security conference in San Francisco.  He notes that there are criminals out there collecting information about business and its employees to create realistic e-mails that employees open giving the criminal a backdoor into the companies networks and view of its daily operations.  Other criminals are executing denial-of-service (DoS) attacks that have defaced the U.S. Congress website and even the president’s current State of the Union address.  Other intelligence indicates there is also a rise in extremist websites that are recruiting and inciting violence and these terrorists are combining physical with cyber-attacks.  He goes on to discuss how the FBIs cyber capabilities and range of partnerships are growing and maturing to keep up with the threats. There are now cyber squads in all FBI U.S. and overseas field offices, agents imbedded in overseas police forces, mobile cyber action teams, a National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force and they all share intelligence.  One example of how these successful partnerships work was the case of when the FBI shared information about an emerging/potentially far-reaching cyber vulnerability involving automated banking transactions.  Once the information was shared and discussed a joint intelligence bulletin was developed which spelled out the nature of the threat and how to tighten up security.  This bulletin was sent to over 4,000 organizations and the impacted companies took appropriate steps to mitigate the threat.CRMCLSFCTN0
Another crime noted in the news item was sexually exploiting a minor CRMChild pornographyCLSFCTN10210001
In this news item, the FBI talks about the importance of victims of crimes submitting complaints to the Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) and warns consumers about holiday scams.  The video discusses how the IC3 uses the complaint data (e.g. auction fraud to international threats targeting U.S. infrastructure) to find patterns and trends and sends investigative leads to law enforcement agencies which are then able to catch scammers.   Consumers need to understand that it’s their complaint data that helps capture criminals so they should always report crimes to the IC3 even if no money is lost.  Finally the FBI reminds consumers about things like making sure to have up-to-date virus signatures, having a firewall monitoring connections between computers, and being aware of current threats (e.g. Bogus online classified ads/auctions, phony gift cards and websites, and phishing).CRMCLSFCTN0
Other crimes noted in this news item were account hacking and counterfeiting/forgeryCRMCredit/Debit Card FraudCLSFCTN10070000
Other crimes noted in this news item were conspiracy to commit bank fraud, computer fraud, money laundering, and aggravated identity theftCRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
In this news item, the FBI warns consumers about the rental home scam.  The most recent scam surfaced in Nigeria when a rental home was advertised on Craigslist for a low rate.  The ad asks for the future tenant to wire the absentee landlord two month rent and the tenant arrives on the agree-upon date to move into the home and alas the home isn’t really for rent and the landlord isn’t really the owner.  This Nigerian scam has become so ramped that it’s been dubbed the 419 scheme named after the Nigerian penal code section under which this kind of fraud is prosecuted since the early 1980s.  This scam is also prevalent in South Carolina (e.g. Charleston, Columbia, and Hilton Head), Rhode Island, Illinois, Colorado, California etc. The FBI has found that the criminals search websites for homes for sale/rent and post all the pertinent information in a housing rental Craigslist ad with their e-mail address and a very low sale/rental price. When the interested party contacts the criminal they would explain that they had to leave the country suddenly so could they please wire transfer the deposit money (first and last month’s rent) to their overseas location and also may have to fill out a credit application (supplying personal information) that was used to commit identity fraud and steal event more money.  They also provide tips for avoiding being a victim like deal only with local landlords, don’t transfer money via a wire transfer service, beware of foreign speaking landlords, research rental rates and be suspicious if the rent is significantly lower, don’t give out personal information on-line, and if you suspect a scam or have been victimized report it to the Internet Crime Complaint Center website at http://www.ic3.gov/default.aspx.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI talks about the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) report on online auction (e.g. computer, sports memorabilia, rare coins, designer fashion, and cars) scams.  The latest report indicates that about one in four of the 70,000 complaints last year were about online auction scams.  There is a variety of ones out there but the common ones are overpayment fraud, wire transfer schemes, and second-chance schemes.  In overpayment fraud the seller advertises a high ticket item, the criminal sends a counterfeit check/money order for more than the purchase prices and asks the seller to return the difference to the purchaser.  In a wire transfer scheme a high price item is posted on a well-known auction site and when the buyer attempts to buy the item they are asked to wire money to the criminal and the buyer never receives the item.  With a second-chance scheme the criminal offers losing bidders an opportunity to buy the item they wanted at a reduced price but they are also asked to wire transfer money and never see the item.  The IC3 reports the top 10 for 2008 as Non-delivery (32.9%), Auction Fraud (25.5%), Credit/Debit Card Fraud (9%), Confidence Fraud (7.9%), Computer Fraud (6.2%), Check Fraud (5.4%), Nigerian Letter Fraud (2.8%), Identity Theft (2.5%), Financial Institutions Fraud 2.2%), and Threat (1.9%).  Usually its individuals that are behind these types of scams but there are cases where criminal enterprises (e.g. West Africa fond of overpayment scams and Romanian crime groups favor second-chance schemes) that are the criminals.  To overcome this type of crime the FBI has investigators that works with other state agencies.  Things you can do to avoid being a victim of auction fraud are to ask for and verify the seller’s phone number, beware of buyers who only want payment via wire transfers, ask for exact payment and accept no overpayments, don’t give out personal information (e.g. social security and/or driver’s license numbers), and beware of a price that’s too good to be true.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI reports on the 2009 RSA Conference.  This annual conference brings cyber security pros from every industry across the world together to share the latest technologies and best practices on complex issues like botnets, cryptography, cyber warfare, hacking, cloud computing, data privacy, and insider /critical infrastructure threats.  The FBI was there to not only absorb knowledge but build already deep partnerships with their foreign/domestic colleagues in private industry and government. Shawn Henry spoke at the conference on the Conficker worm, the overall seriousness of cyber threats and the FBI’s commitment to being the leader in investigating and prosecuting cyber-attacks.  Some of the ways the FBI commits is to continue to work through channels such as InfraGard and its 30,000 members to exchange threat information domestic and overseas, sharing intelligence in response to threats to a particular sector even if it may impact their investigations, working with CEOs and other business executives to make sure they understand threats and how to allocate resources and enact policies to protect their networks, and working with the Department of Homeland Security etc. to defend critical infrastructure.  They rely on report incidents as well as the support/advice they gain from businesses, academia, and government like what they get from attending this conference.  The RSA honored Agent J. Keith Mularski for his two-year undercover investigation into a massive online credit card trading forum called “Dark Market” which lead to 60 arrests worldwide and prevented about $70 million in potential economic losses.  The Dark Market website was used to sell just about any sort of stolen financial information as well as the hardware/software used to manufacture fake cards/documents.  He was able to infiltrate the group by claiming to have spamming and hosting experience which became useful to the group when it was attacked by rival forums.  He even got them to move the site to his own servers (FBI servers) where major intelligence was collected taking the operation down. CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI talks about how Spear Phishing works and how to avoid becoming a spear phishing victim.  Criminals target select groups (e.g. customers of a telecommunication firm, employees the same financial institution, students from the same college etc.) but must first find out information about these groups and do this by hacking into the organization’s network or combing through other websites, blogs, and social networking sites.  Then they send out official looking deceptive e-mails to these select groups expressing some made-up company problem that needs to be solved by going to a bogus company website and having the customers providing personal information, passwords, account numbers, user IDs, access codes PINs etc…  Once you have done this the criminals can now access your bank account, use your credit cards, and create a whole new identity using your information.  Not only can Spear phishing trick you into giving up your personal information it can also trick you into downloading malicious codes or malware that can hijack your computer, organize hijacked computers into networks of botnets that can steal sensitive information and cause denial of service attacks.  Some of the ways to avoid becoming a victim are to be aware that companies don’t usually request personal information via e-mail, make sure to use a phishing filter, never follow a link to a secure site from an e-mail rather enter it manually and don’t be fooled by the latest scams.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the 2008 Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) offers a snapshot of the most frequent Internet crimes, where they are occurring, and who is being victimized.  This year the report identifies a rise in Internet scams.  According to the report more than $264 million was lost and 275,284 complaints were processed for non-delivery of merchandise purchased online and auction fraud accounted for one out of four complaints.  Also noted in the report were the states where half of the perpetrators were (e.g.  California, New York, Florida, Texas, and the District of Columbia) identified and worldwide perpetrators were usually from the U.S. (66.1%), UK (10.5%, Nigeria (7.5%), and Canada 3.1%).  The scams topping the 2008 list were Non-delivery of merchandise/payment: $800 (32.9 percent), Auction fraud: $610 (25.5 percent), Credit/debit card fraud: $223 (9 percent), Confidence fraud: $2,000 (7.9 percent), Computer fraud: $1,000 (6.2 percent), Check fraud: $3,000 (5.4 percent), and Nigerian letter fraud: $1,650 (2.8 percent). CRMAuction Fraud - Non-DeliveryCLSFCTN10020007
In this news item, the Supervisory Special Agent Charles Pavelities and Assistant Director Shawn Henry talk about the how the FBI tracks the web of criminals.  The FBI Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), a partnership with the nonprofit National White Collar Crime Center, plays a major role in helping the FBI track criminal activities and holds more than 1.3 million complaints.  Agents/analysts are able to sift through the more than 20,000 daily complaints, find patterns and trends than send investigative leads to law enforcement agencies and FBI field offices.  These law enforcement agencies and FBI offices are then able to go after the criminals/scammers.  Anyone who has been victim of an internet crime (e.g. auction fraud to international threats targeting the U.S. infrastructure) can file a complaint on the IC3 website and the FBI emphasizes the importance of understanding threats (e.g. foreigners an organized crime groups looking to target the U.S. financial infrastructure) from cyber-attacks and encourages the public to file complaints so the data can be used to find the criminals.  As always they warn consumers to keep your virus definitions up-to-date, use a firewall to monitor connections between computers, don’t click on links or open attachments in unsolicited e-mail, and guard your personal information.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMA worldwide child pornography ring trading in 400,000 images and videos was discovered by Australian Law Enforcement.  The group used encryption and a multilayered vetting process for new members to protect themselves.  The ring was run like a business from the top down with members having different roles.CLSFCTN10210001
Cyber attacks are borderless crimes that require international cooperation to combat them.  The global law enforcement community has been steadily building partnerships through joint investigations, collaborations, and task forces.  A recent initiative involved the countries of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK, and US who formed the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group.CRMCLSFCTN0
The top internet crimes of 2007 include:
•	Pet Scams - You are buying a pet online and you pay f but never receive the pet.  You are selling a pet and you receive a check for a pet for more than the asking amount.  You are asked to send the overage to a third party, which you do, only to find out that the check you were sent is no good.  
•	Secret Shoppers - You are hired to rate your shopping experience.  You are paid via check and asked to send a percentage to a third party, which you do.  However, the original check was bad so you are out the money.
•	Adoption/charity Fraud – Scammers use legitimate charities to solicit donations.  However, the charities never receive the donations and the scammers keep the money.
•	Romance Fraud – A person starts a romantic relationship on the Internet with someone far away.  The scammer needs money to cover expenses to travel to meet the person.  This only escalates to the scammer asking for more money for various reasons.
Total complaints for Internet crime were down in 2007 to 206,884 submissions but the total losses were nearly $240 million, the highest ever.
CRMCLSFCTN0
The elderly are an attractive target for con artists for many reasons including:
•	They have a nest egg
•	They are less likely to report fraud because they do not know where to go or are embarrassed
•	They have difficulty remembering details when reporting the crime
•	Con-artists use products/services that appeal to senior citizens
Scams they are using to target senior citizens include:
•	Identity theft
•	Health insurance fraud
•	Home repair fraud
•	Foreign lottery fraud
•	Credit card and investment fraud
•	Charity schemes
Senior citizens who believe they are a victim of fraud should call their local law enforcement agency.
CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMA German college student created Sasser, a set of malicious codes that infected millions of computers and caused them to spontaneously reboot in the spring of 2004.  The exploit took advantage of a vulnerability in computer operating systems.  A computer could be infected by simply being turned on.CLSFCTN10080003
The FBI, US Postal Inspection Service, and Monster Worldwide launched a new website called LooksTooGoodToBeTrue.com.  The purpose of this site is to educate the public on internet schemes and be a central repository for consumer complaints.  The site also offers an interactive online fraud risk test and provides prevention tips, details on current cyber scams, consumer alerts, victim stories, and to allow people to share their own stories.CRMCLSFCTN0
The FBI is warning of another series of emails being sent out with false FBI email addresses.  The emails state that the FBI has been monitoring your internet activity and you have accessed illegal sites.  They demand you answer a series of questions that are contained in an attachment.  If the user opens the attachment, they are infected with a variant of the w32/sober virus.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMCLSFCTN0
Other crimes noted in this news item were sexual exploitation of children and running online pornography bulletin boardsCRMPornography/Obscene MaterialCLSFCTN10210000
In this news item, Shawn Henry, head of the FBI’s Cyber Division, speaks to the approximate 400 worldwide International Cyber Security Conference participants on the subject of the FBI’s 24/7 cyber network operation.  He explains that criminals are getting more sophisticated, have become so organized/businesslike (e.g. use online forums to advertise illegal wares, buy and sell computer viruses, traffic in stolen identities) and the internet is increasing being exploited by terrorists/spies and it’s happening across the globe.  Because of this the FBI needs to find global solutions to these emerging cyber threats so they sponsor this conference where cyber experts and their international counterparts from law enforcement, industry, government, and academia can get together and come up with ideas to combat these issues as well as forge long-lasting relationships.  From these cooperative efforts has come today’s international 24/7 network of cyber investigators.  It was established back in 1997 starting with the G8 nations but since then has grown to now 55 countries.  Each has the ability to move at a moment’s notice and can zero in on and capture a criminals electronic movements. Hypothetically a criminal could hack into a Mexico City bank, the Mexican investigators could trace the computer to an attack used in New York City and notify the FBI who in turn discover the computer was linked to computer in South Korea and alert those authorities.  The Korean authorities in turn discover the attack originated in Bangkok and Thai agents make the arrest.  As you can see from this hypothetical example the network turns the investigative process into hours/days verses weeks/months.  For this network to truly work they not only the cooperation of other nations/countries but also consistent laws for cyber-crimes.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this new item, Shawn Henry, Director of the FBI’s Cyber Division, shares his thoughts on cyber threats.  Criminals are taking a aggressive interest in stealing secrets and will pool their talents to launch attacks to do just that he says.  The FBI now partners with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and declared October 2008 its fifth annual National Cyber Security Awareness Month to educate the public on sharing the responsibility to protect cyberspace.  To do this each of us must protect ourselves and home/office systems by taking these steps: 1) Change our security passwords regularly, have a firewall in place on our computers, get the latest anti-virus software, and install current security patches for our computer’s operating system;  2) Receive National Cyber Alert System tips by signing up at https://www.us-cert.gov/mailing-lists-and-feeds;  3) Receive e-scams at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/e-scams and test your cyber fraud awareness at http://www.lookstoogoodtobetrue.com/tests.aspx; 4) Read advice on keeping children safe from travelers at http://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/2005/december/travelers_advisory121205 and potential predators on social media sites at http://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/2006/april/ccctf_interview042806;       5) Cyber security professionals/interested citizens should join local InfraGard chapters via http://www.infragard.net/; 6) Visit the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team (US-CERT) website at https://www.us-cert.gov/ to get information on cyber security; 7) Visit the FBI’s cyber website at http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/cyber to learn about the FBIs cyber programs; 8) Visit the DHS website at http://www.dhs.gov/; 9) Visit the Secret Service’s website at http://www.secretservice.gov/ectf.shtml; and 10) Visit the Cyber Crime Center of Immigration and Customers Enforcement website at http://www.ice.gov/about/overview/.CRMCLSFCTN0
Other crimes noted in this news item were identity theft, counterfeiting/forgery and its assumed that some form of hacking was used to get the stolen financial information but it was not discussed in this news itemCRMIllegal BusinessCLSFCTN10140000
In this news item, Shawn Henry, head of the FBI’s Cyber division, discuss how the FBI plans to address todays major rising cyber threats.  There are thousands of open cyber-crime cases where thieves/spies/scammers/organized crime groups/terrorists are pooling their expertise and carrying out coordinated cyber-attacks (e.g. deny access, compromise sensitive information, introduce botnets that spread viruses and covertly co-opt computers to carry out data theft) on the U.S. government and business networks which is not only impacting the economy but also threaten our national security.  To combat these threats the FBI’s Cyber Division has devised a threefold strategic plan called the 3 Ps (Prioritize, Proactive, Partnerships).  They prioritize the cases and go after the ones that are the most critical threats.  They are proactive by using successful time-tested investigative techniques (e.g. use of informants, electronic surveillance, and placement of undercover agents in criminal operations).  And for the third “P” they partner with law enforcement agencies around the world (e.g. Great Britain, Canada, Russia, Romania, and Turkey) to share resources, best practices and techniques.  Another partnership they have is between the FBI and the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  The IC3, established in 2000, has received more than one million complaints that can be used to find patterns/trends and investigative leads.CRMCLSFCTN0
Another crime noted in this news item was possession of child pornographyCRMChild ProstitutionCLSFCTN10220000
Other crimes noted in this news item were counterfeiting/forgery, credit card fraud its assumed that some form of hacking was used to get the stolen financial/personal information but it was not discussed in this news itemCRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
In this news item, the FBI provides the public with some valuable Wi-Fi security advice.  The first tip is to beware of connecting to unsecure Wi-Fi hot spots.  These 68,000 U.S. Wi-Fi hot spots (e.g. located at airports, coffee shops, hotels, bookstores, schools etc.) may or may not have secure networks and if you connect to one with an unsecure network (e.g. bogus Wi-Fi network hot spot is set up to look like a legitimate hot spot site) you leave yourself vulnerable to attacks (once connected to the bogus hot spot all your sensitive information belongs to the hacker, they can direct you to phone webpages, make you download viruses/worms/malware, and record your keystrokes, etc.) from hackers.   Other reasons to beware of using these unsecure hot-spots is that businesses don’t typically don’t know their networks have been breached, individuals usually find out too late that they have become a victim, the FBI has no reliable stats on the number of breaches and its very tough to trace a hack that originates on one of the open unsecure networks.  There are things you can do to decrease the threat like make sure your laptop security is up to date (e.g. operating system, web browser, firewalls, antivirus, anti-spyware), don’t conduct financial transactions or use e-mail/instant messaging while connected to a unsecure hot-spots, change your default setting so you manually select the Wi-Fi network you are connecting to, turn off your Wi-Fi capability when not in use, and visit the FBI’s How to Protect Your Computer webpage at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/computer_protect for more information on protecting your computer.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI discusses scams that are currently hitting our Senior citizens (78 million baby boomers, born 1946-1964, now the largest segment of our population) and identifies some tips to avoid becoming a victim.  What makes seniors a target?  Well it’s because many of them have a nest egg, they are less likely to report a fraud because they don’t know where to go or are too embarrassed to talk about the incident, it may be hard for them to remember the crime details, and many of the products/services appeal to these individuals (e.g. anti-aging cream, health care services, and investments).  Some of the  scams that criminals are targeting the elderly with are identity theft (accomplished by dumpster diving, phishing, address changes and old fashioned theft), health insurance fraud (medical equipment, rolling lab schemes, Medicare fraud, counterfeit prescription drugs), home repair schemes, foreign lotter/sweepstakes fraud, advanced fee/credit card frauds, investment fraud, charity and recovery schemes (money has been recovered by law enforcement but you have to pay a fee to get it back).  Tips to avoid being victimized by these scams is the shred your credit card receipts and old bank statements, close unused credit/bank accounts, don’t give out personal information over the phone/e-mail/internet unless you have initiated the contact, never respond to an offer you don’t understand, always talk over investments with trusted friends/family members/financial advisor first, always require that plans and purchase be in writing, don’t pay in advance for services, and if you personally have been victimized by fraud call the local/state authorities because the FBI only gets involved where there is a huge dollar loss or if there is evidence of an international crime ring.  Anyone can report online fraud to the FBI via the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) website at http://www.ic3.gov/ and senior citizens can refer to the common frauds webpage for seniors at http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/fraud/seniors.  Other crimes noted in this news item were selling bogus credit card protection plans and defrauding financial planning/estate clients.CRMInvestment FraudCLSFCTN10160000
In this news item, the FBI discuss the top internet scams (pet scam, secret shoppers, and fund transfer scams and adoption/charity, and romance frauds) from the 2007 Internet Crime Report issued by the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  The way the pet scams works is you see an ad online where a pet is being sold and you send in your money with extra for delivery but you never get the pet or your selling a pet and you receive a check for an amount over the selling price and the buyer asks you to deposit the check but wire the difference to the pet caretaker but when you cash the check it bounces.  For the Secret Shoppers/Funds Transfer Scams the criminal uses real looking illegal logos and hires you to rate your experience while shopping or dining somewhere and you are paid by check and asked to wire a percentage to a third party and of course the check bounces or while renting out a property your sent a check that’s more than the rental fee and asked to wire the difference to a third party and alas the check bounces.  In the Adoption/Charity Frauds you get a spam e-mail that breaks your heart and you donate to what you believe is a real charity (e.g. British adoption agency for orphaned/ abandoned children) but the money really goes to a con artist. The Romance Fraud starts when you meet someone in an online dating or social networking site and they tell you they live in another country but you strike up a relationship and plan to meet but they don’t have the money to cover the travel expenses and you send them the money but they end up in the hospital on their way to see you need more money and so on and so forth until they have milked all they can out of you.  The report as provides a complete breakdown of statistics on Internet crime in 2007 but the high level statistics are that complaints are slightly down from last year with 206,884 submissions but total losses were at their highest level yet at almost $240 million.  For more details about victims, perpetrators, and common categories of complaints you can view the report at http://www.ic3.gov/media/annualreport/2007_IC3Report.pdf.CRMCLSFCTN0
In this news item, the FBI discusses its latest Cyber Solidarity initiative the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group.  As everyone knows cyber-attacks are basically borderless crimes in that they can come from anywhere at any time and impact millions of people and systems across the planet.   This is why the FBI has been steadily building a global law enforcement community and one of its latest initiatives involves five countries from three continents banding together to fight cyber-crime in a synergistic way.  The plan is for all to share intelligence, exchange tools and best practices and even strengthen/synchronize laws.  This initiative began in 2006 with the formation of the Strategic Alliance Cyber Crime Working Group by high-level cyber cops from Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States which came together to tackling larger global crime issues like organized crime.  The group meets on a regular basis and each country presents plans on key issues define by the group (e.g. ways to share forensic tools, ways to conduct joint training, strategies for public awareness, etc.). Special Agent Donna Peterson, Acting Assistant Section Chief in our Cyber Division (chaired the March meeting) provided the following list of the groups other activities and accomplishments:  1) Develop a comprehensive of the transnational cyber threat which will include current and emerging trends, vulnerabilities, and strategic initiatives for the working group to pursue; 2) Set up a special area (e.g. Law Enforcement Online, FBI’s secure Internet portal), to share information and intelligence; 3) Launched a series of information bulletins on emerging threats and trends (e.g. drafted a bulletin describing how peer-to-peer (P2P); 4) Began exploring an exchange of cyber experts to serve on joint international task forces; and  5) Shared training curriculums and provided targeted training to international cyber professionals.  The group’s next steps are a three-day conference in May where legal and legislative experts from the five countries will talk about common challenges, differing approaches, and potential ways to streamline investigations and harmonize laws on everything from data retention standards to privacy requirements.CRMCLSFCTN0
Another crime that is not noted in this news item but assumed is running an illegal business and possibly sexual abuse depending on the nature of the images foundCRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Other crimes noted in this news item were hacking and spoofingCRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Other crimes noted in this news item were DoS, phishing scheme, and its assumed that theft of computer services would also be a crime used in these botnet rings CRMVirusCLSFCTN10080003
In this news item, a few pointed questions are raised by Director Mueller during his 2007 Stopping Real Enemies at the Virtual Gates address at Penn State.  He mentioned the cyber blockade last April in Estonia where waves of data requests from around the world shut down banks, emergency phone lines, gas stations, grocery stores, newspaper/television stations, and even the prime minister’s office.  The source of that attack was never confirmed but the effects were real and we all wonder how long it will be before others employ this same tactic.  He talks about the effects of losing the Internet which is not just simply losing ability to e-mail and surf the web it’s a loose to all of our data, connectivity intellectual property and security.  And what of the so-called “Invisible Man” who one day has the ability to lock us out of our home, office and all of our information.  This threat is not limited to hackers on the outside he says it’s also a problem on the insider (e.g. subcontractors and their subs and people who take advantage of open access to research and development facilities on campuses, etc.).  He discusses many more realities but here are a few highlights.  There is this growing intersection of terror and the web.  Consider the Younis Tsouli (self-styled “Terrorist 007”) case where Younis served as an al Qaeda webmaster that hacked into servers to get additional bandwidth, used phishing schemes to steal credit account to buy $3 million worth of terrorist equipment and created a website, “You bomb it” that he had hoped would become the YouTube for terrorists. He asks “Could you fall for a scam or run a server that could end up helping terrorists?”  Next is the rise of the botnets which are networks of computers taken over by hackers that can wreck all kinds of havoc from shutting down a power grid to flooding an emergency call center with millions of spam messages which is a scary though.  Another concept he discusses is the “Invisible Man” which is where hackers are using sophisticated techniques to steal sensitive intelligence, scientific research, and communications data.  These Invisible Men are difficult to identify and track because they have the ability to move in/out of international systems at will and without a trace.  One major way the FBI combats threats such as these is via a groundbreaking partnerships like the one in Pennsylvania called Cyber Fusion Center.  At this Center federal agencies, software companies, ISPs, merchants and members of the financial sector come together in a neutral space where cyber professionals can share information and ideas about cyber threats and security breaches such as those mentioned above. Other partnerships used by the FBI are the National Security Higher Education Advisory Board, InfraGard, Regional Computer Forensic Labs, and their network of international offices.CRMCLSFCTN0
A woman, who worked as an accounts payable specialist at a privately held information technology staffing company, defrauded the company over five years by directing transfers of money from a dormant company PayPal account to a PayPal account in her own name. She then forwarded the money from her PayPal account to her personal bank account.  She also used the company credit card for personal expenses.  She concealed this fraud scheme by doctoring monthly credit card statements and falsifying entries in the very accounting journals it was her responsibility to maintain. In total, the fraud resulted in a loss to the company approaching $1 million.CRMPayment FraudCLSFCTN10200000
The president and chief executive officer of a corporation hacked into the computer systems of two competitors and stole proprietary and confidential business information to improve his company’s software development and sales strategy.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Chinese military hackers conducted computer hacking, economic espionage, and other offenses directed at six American victims in the U.S. nuclear power, metals, and solar products industries.  They conspired to hack into American entities to maintain unauthorized access to their computers and to steal information from those entities that would be useful to their competitors in China.  They also stole trade secrets that would have been particularly beneficial to Chinese companies at the time they were stolen. They also stole sensitive, internal communications that would provide a competitor, or an adversary in litigation, with insight into the strategy and vulnerabilities of the American entity. This is a case alleging economic espionage.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A man intentionally caused damage to a protected computer.  He formerly worked as a system administrator for a cloud-computing services provider company.  After resigning, he continued to enter the networks of the company to damage its servers, its reputation, and its business causing hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage.CRMComputer DamageCLSFCTN10080000
James B. Comey, Director Federal Bureau of Investigation spoke at the annual cyber conference, sponsored by the FBI and Fordham University.  This conference brings together professionals from around the world to discuss emerging cyber threats and how the US must deal with them.  Director Comey explained that the FBI’s strategy for dealing with the cyber threat hinges on several key areas, chief among them strengthening partnerships with state and local law enforcement, international law enforcement agencies, and the FBI’s private-sector partners.CRMnaCLSFCTN0
Director Comey spoke about the hack of Sony by North Korea.  Cyber is fundamentally changing the way we live.  Cisco Systems provided stats - in 2003 there were 6.3 billion people on earth and 500 million internet connected devices.  In 2010 6.8 billion people and 12.5 billion devices and they project that in 2020 there will be 7 billion people and 50 billion devices.  One of the advancements of the FBI is the formation of National Cyber Joint Investigative Task Force, NCIJTF, where 19 federal agencies sit together and divide up the work. See the threat, see the challenge, divide it up and share information.  Also, we are committed to finding the people or nation states that commit cyber crimes and making them pay big, money, freedom, etc.  This will involve partners around the world.   The FBI\'s strategy is to focus ourselves, shrink the world, impose real costs, get better at cooperating with our state and local partners and maybe most of all, get better at cooperating with our private sector partners.  He was very clear that the FBI had significant and irrefutable evidence that the Sony hack came from the Guardians of Peace in North Korea.
This is the complete article from James B. Comey, Director Federal Bureau of Investigation
speech at International Conference on Cyber Security, Fordham University New York, NY.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
This is a news article that highlights a job posting for cyber experts - in the call to action Robert Anderson, Jr., executive assistant director for the Bureau’s Criminal, Cyber, Response, and Services Branch stated \"The FBI seeks highly talented, technically trained individuals who are motivated by the FBI’s mission to protect our nation and the American people from the rapidly evolving cyber threat”.  
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
If convicted, Perez faces up to five years in federal prison, and not more than a $250,000 fine, for transmitting a threat in interstate and foreign commerce.
CRMPosting on line threats advocating the killing of police officers or retired police officers.  Google contacted the FBI when it became of a UTube video that threatened to kill active and retired police officers.CLSFCTN10150000
N Korea\'s cyber attack on Sony illustrate the significance and the ability of individuals and foreign nations to cause security dangers for the US.  These actions were intended to cause harm to businesses and suppress the rights of American citizens.
CRMThe FBI has determined that N Korea, Guardians of Peace, used destructive malware to steal Sony proprietary information, employee PII and personal communications, email.    The attacks also rendered thousands of Sony computers inoperable, forced Sony to take its entire computer network offline, and significantly disrupted the company’s business operations.CLSFCTN10080006
N Korea\'s cyber attack on Sony illustrate the significance and the ability of individuals and foreign nations to cause security dangers for the US.  These actions were intended to cause harm to businesses and suppress the rights of American citizens.
CRMThis is the exact same article as the one above -- The FBI has determined that N Korea, Guardians of Peace, used destructive malware to steal Sony proprietary information, employee PII and personal communications, email.    The attacks also rendered thousands of Sony computers inoperable, forced Sony to take its entire computer network offline, and significantly disrupted the company’s business operations.CLSFCTN10080006
ICCS include:  Admiral Michael S. Rogers, National Security Agency, Director James Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Clapper, Director, Directorate of National Intelligence, Christopher Marquart, Chief Information Security Officer, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Edward Amoroso, Senior Vice President and Chief Security Officer, AT&T Services
CRMThis article highlights the Global Cyber Security Summit (ICCS)
CLSFCTN0
If convicted individuals could face 25 yrs in prison and $500,000 fine.
CRMCriminal complaint charging an individual with leading an international counterfeit currency operation, based in Uganda.  the operation involved making fake US currency and other country\'s currency and distributing the fake currency globally.
CLSFCTN10060000
The criminal agreed to the forfeiture of the domain names sfredbook.com and myredbook.com and more than $1.28 million in cash and property as proceeds and other property involved in his unlawful activity.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty of operating a website to facilitate a prostitution ring.  This is the first federal prosecution and conviction for this crime classification.   The website allowed its members to post advertisements that used code names/acronyms for sex acts.  
CLSFCTN10220000
Eighteen victims sent approximately $367,036 to accounts opened by the criminal between October 2011 and June 2012. Another 17 victims sent approximately $321,389. 
CRMUsing the internet to conduct international fraud involving online marketplace websites. The criminal was sentenced to 63 months in prison for his role in receiving and sending overseas approximately $690,000 and the use of a fraudulent passport.  They used the internet to list vehicles for sale, instructing the buyers to wire money to a \"safe\" account for the purchase and there were no vehicles -- the seller did not have the vehicles.
CLSFCTN10020007
(Drug/Narcotic Offenses/10090000) Three individuals had their indictments related to their participation with the Silk Road unsealed in Manhattan federal court. Andrew Michael Jones, Gary Davis, and Peter Phillip Nash were all charged with narcotics, computer hacking, and money laundering.  The three were paid as administrators/moderators on the Silk Road website, an online black market for the purchase/sale of illegal items and services.  The site, which operated from the beginning of 2011 to almost the end of 2013, provided several thousand drug dealers and vendors a way to distribute their merchandise.  The site’s alleged owner, Ross William Ulbright (aka “Dread Pirate Roberts”) provided Jones, Davis, and Nash salaries ranging from approximately $50k to $75k per year.  Jones was arrested in Virginia, Nash was arrested in Australia, and Davis is believed to be in Ireland.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(Money Laundering) After introducing several undercover personnel into a counterfeit goods distribution operation, the FBI and ICE were able to gain enough evidence to accuse nine members with charges ranging from conspiracy to traffic counterfeit goods to conspiracy to structure money and money laundering.  The nine members, residents of New York and Texas, participated in the operation of one of the largest counterfeit goods operations ever charged by the Department of Justice.  The goods, smuggled into the US from China in containers from legitimate importers with falsified paperwork, entered the US and were distributed throughout New York, New Jersey, and wholesalers in the US.  After paying the undercover cops more than $2M to assist with getting the goods through inspections at the ports, investigators obtained enough recorded phone calls and meetings to charge the group with prison time and fines.CRM10140002CLSFCTN0
Victims were defrauded of approximately $186,439.  If convicted of all charges, the defendants each face a maximum possible sentence of 125 years in prison, a fine of up to $1.75 million, three years of supervised release, and a $700 special assessment.
CRMInternet scam using an auction site.   Defendants charged with conspiracy to commit one count of mail fraud, and four counts of wire fraud.  The defendants offered luxury items such as Rolex and BMWs for same on the marketplace and he did not intend to deliver the goods or the goods were not in the condition advertised.
CLSFCTN10020007
Andrew James Miller of Pennsylvania was sentenced to 18 months in prison for computer hacking.  Miller hacked and gained access into several computers and networks including commercial, educational, and government systems (including supercomputers at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California).  Once in, Miller installed “backdoors” which would allow further administrator access into the computers.  From 2008 to 2011, Miller and his co-conspirators then sold these backdoors and login credentials.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(Computer Damage (Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property, 10080000) Using software made available online by the group, members of hacker group Anonymous participated in a distributed denial of service (DDoS) cyber attack on web servers operated by PayPal in December of 2010.  The software flooded PayPal’s website servers with useless information, preventing legitimate access to users during the attack.  The attack was brought on after PayPal suspended WikiLeaks’ accounts following WikiLeaks’ release of classified information.  Anonymous, wanting revenge for this suspension, coordinated “Operation Avenge Assange” and carried out the attack.  Thirteen members of the group were charged and pleaded guilty to participation on the attack and will receive sentences ranging from 1-year imprisonment/$100k fine to 10-years imprisonment/$250k fine for each violation.CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN0
Assistant Director of the FBI Cyber Division.  It the speech he talks about how sophisticated the cyber criminals are becoming and how the FBI as well as other law enforcement offices must collaborate and evolve with the technology if they are to stay ahead of these potential crimes.  He specifically mentions malware, End Game and Zeus in the Middle, Distributed denial of service attack and botnet as some of the various meant criminals are threatening governments, companies and individuals.  He also talked about Silkroad 2.0, using a hidden part of the internet to sell drugs and weapons, generating $8 million per month and had approximately 150,000 active users.   There is a lack of legislation against cyber crime, however  Executive Order (EO) 13636, entitled “Improving Critical Infrastructure Cyber security” is a step in the right direction.  We will need better, more efficient means to collaborate at all levels of law enforcement if we are going to be successful stopping/minimizing cyber crimes in the future.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
This is a notice from the FBI instructing people to be on the alert for scams during the holiday season.  The mention that email invitations to auction sites are popular.  If the deal looks too good - it is probable a scam.  These sites often attract buyers to certain popular products at a steep discount.  Once the transaction is made the product is not sent to the buyer or it is not the same product as advertised.  Be on the alert for discounted gift cards and tickets -  these are favorites of scam artists.  It is best practice to delete any unsolicited email and do not open or reply to these emails.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
This is an invitation from the FBI and Secret Service to attend a seminar specifically aimed at merchants to provide education and possible mitigations for common cyber exploitation tactics, techniques and procedures leveraged by attackers.  The topics will include exploiting commercial application vulnerabilities; unauthorized access via remote access; e-mail phishing; and unsafe web browsing from computer systems used to collect, process, store or transmit customer information.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
This spyware app allowed for the wholesale invasion of privacy.  The FBI said that they will continue to hunt down not only the people that use apps like this, but the companies that make apps like this.   Individual had to pay $500,000 fine jail time and had to hand over the source code to the product.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty for advertising to sell Stealth Genie, a spyware application designed to remotely steal/monitor texts, email, voice photos, videos and other communications on mobile devices.  This is the first time a criminal conviction concerning the advertisement and sale of a mobile device spyware app. was accomplished.
CLSFCTN10080004
This article is not reporting on a cyber crime.  It is a message from the FBI in Birmingham warning shoppers to be alert during the holiday season for on-line scams.  The most prevalent/common scams include -  fraudulent auction sales, reshipping merchandise purchased with a stolen credit card, sale of fraudulent or stolen gift cards through auction sites at discounted prices, and phishing e-mails advertising brand name merchandise for bargain prices or e-mails promoting the sale of merchandise that ends up being a counterfeit product.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
Numerous individuals have pleaded guilty and are waiting to be sentenced.
CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to creating and selling computer malware - Conspiracy to Commit Computer Hacking.   The company, Blackshades, created and sold several thousand copies of Remote Access Tool (RAT) that is designed to enable cyber criminal to gain access and control of other peoples\' computers - for instance access and view documents, photographs, and other files on the victim’s computer, record all of the keystrokes entered on the victim’s keyboard, steal the passwords to the victim’s online accounts, and even activate the victim’s web camera to spy on the victim—all of which could be done without the victim’s knowledge.
CLSFCTN10080004
The individual ran a username/password software script over 14,000 times to gain access to the administrative server for the county.  The individual knew that this activity would trigger a lock down of the server where none of the administrators could access the server.  He was ordered to pay $10,000 in restitution.
CRMIndividual admitted to attempting to hack into a county/government server and gain unauthorized access.
CLSFCTN10080007
This article is the same as a number of other articles on this page.  This particular message from the FBI is coming from their San Diego office, where the other articles were from other cities in the US.  This article is not reporting on a cyber crime.  It is a message from the FBI in San Diego warning shoppers to be alert during the holiday season for on-line scams.  The most prevalent/common scams include -  fraudulent auction sales, reshipping merchandise purchased with a stolen credit card, sale of fraudulent or stolen gift cards through auction sites at discounted prices, and phishing e-mails advertising brand name merchandise for bargain prices or e-mails promoting the sale of merchandise that ends up being a counterfeit product.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
The article doesn\'t describe how they got the victims\' information to commit the identity theft, most likely through a phishing scheme.CRMThe defendants are accused of using identity theft to gain control of victims\' bank accounts and then drain them using fake checks or through withdrawals at cash machines.  They are charged with bank fraud, wire fraud and attempting to destroy evidence.CLSFCTN1
CRMConspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud, and access device fraud CLSFCTN1
CRMComputer fraudCLSFCTN14
CRMHaving custody, control, and possession of device-making equipmentCLSFCTN1
Lou Reigel, head of the FBI Cyber Division briefed the press on the FBI cyber mission.  Reigel believed that the source of the Sober worm attack of the previous month would be found.  The worm was hidden in an attachment in an email purportedly from the FBI or CIA. It alleged that the victim visited illegal websites and needed to fill out a questionnaire, the attachment.  When the attachment was opened the person’s computer was infected.

Reigel also talked about:
o	Hurricane Katrina scams – 98 cases have been opened investigating scams
o	Intellectual property in China – He believes China is making progress but it is a long term issue
o	Computer Intrusions – the FBI is investigating 500 major cases
o	Innocent Images – there are 2,400 child porn cases currently
o	Cyber Terrorism – since 9/11 terrorists have become more sophisticated in their use of the internet.
CRMCLSFCTN0
“Travelers” are adults who travel to have sex with children they’ve met on the Internet.  Through the Innocent Images National Initiative, the FBI is teaming up with local police to pose as kids and catch these criminals.  They follow strict guidelines to prevent entrapment.  Normally the traveler’s plead guilty because of the significant amount of evidence against them.

The number of cases is increasing and the FBI believes it is because:
o	More teens are on the Internet
o	Move victims are stepping forward
o	More investigators are pursuing active cases
CRMCLSFCTN0
Housed in the FBI’s New Haven field office is the Connecticut Computer Crimes Task Force (CCTF).  This task force brings investigators together from the FBI, Secret Service, US Postal Inspection Service, the DOD Inspector General, the IRS, the Connecticut State Police, and several local police departements.  Nearly a dozen government agencies are represented combining the skills, resources, investigative strategies, and intelligence in a unified attack.  From March 2003 to January 2006, the CCTF’s work has led to over 60 indictments.CRMCLSFCTN0
Working with other law enforcement organizations, the FBI has opened over 100 investigations into fraudulent websites supposedly collecting aid for Hurricane Katrina victims.  They also have dozens more cases involving hurricane-related fraud and corruption.CRMCLSFCTN0
FBI Director Robert Mueller and FBI Cyber exec Steve Martinez spoke at the RSA Security Conference in the Silicon Valley.  They discussed growing the capabilities and partnerships in combatting cybercrime.

Director Mueller laid out some of the new capabilities:
o	The new Cyber Division at FBI Headquarters
o	Specially trained cyber squads at FBI Headquarters and 56 field offices
o	Cyber Action teams that will travel to assist in computer intrusion cases
o	93 Computer Crimes Task Forces
o	The growing partnership with the US Secret Service

He also discussed recent successes:
o	Arrest of the 20 year old hacker responsible for a botnet for hire
o	The capture of the cyber criminals responsible for the Mytob and Zotob worms
CRMCLSFCTN0
In 1993, two FBI agents working a missing child case uncovered the use of the internet for transmitting sexually explicit images of minors.  In May 1995 the FBI launched the “Innocent Images National Initiative” to combat this crime.  In 10 years, the FBI and its partners have opened 15,500 cases, charged over 4,700 criminals and arrested more than 6,100 subjects.  The FBI is currently working more than 30 operations nationwide.

In 2004 the FBI began running the Innocent Images International Task Force to 
combat global child exploitation.  Law enforcement officers from foreign countries travel to Calverton, MD where they can collaborate with each other.  The task force has generated more than 3,000 leads in the US and 2,000 overseas.
CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMWhen the Zotob worm hit the US in August 2005, it caused enough of a problem that the FBI launched an investigation and sent Cyber Action Teams (CATS) to Morocco and Turkey.  CATS are small, highly trained FBI agents, analysts, and computer forensics and malicious code experts.  

The original intent of the worm was to steal credit card numbers but instead caused computers to malfunction.
CLSFCTN10080003
CRMIn 2004, Dwight Whorley went to the office of the Virginia Employment commission and used their computers to download and send Japanese “anime” cartoons showing graphic acts of child pornography.CLSFCTN10210001
The State Department’s Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program is responsible for offering rewards leading to the arrest and/or conviction of Popescu and Bosogioiu. More information about Popescu and Bosogioiu is available on the Transnational Organized Crime Rewards Program website at www.state.gov/tocrewards.   The offices of the FBI Legal Attachés in Romania, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Hungary were instrumental in coordinating efforts with the United States’ international partners, and the U.S. government thanks those partners in Romania, the Czech Republic, Hungary, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany for their close cooperation throughout this investigation. 
CRM2 Defendants created a scam where they flooded on-line markets, eBay motors, autotrader.com, cars.com, etc with fake ads for vehicles they did not exist.  The defendants hired others to increase the flood of cars for sale and created fake process and paperwork to trick buyers into sending/transferring funds into the fake accounts.  $1 M and $750K rewards are offered for information leading to the arrest of these 2.CLSFCTN10020007
This was a former employee that was angry at the company for not extending is job.
CRMDefendant is charged with installing malware. malicious software on hid former employer\'s computer network in an attempt to cause harm to the company.CLSFCTN10080003

CRMIndividual pleaded guilty to possessing and using mobile spy software to intercept voice, email, text and other data from unsuspecting victims.CLSFCTN10080004
The on-going investigation is being conducted by the FBI and its New York Special Operations and Cyber Branch, along with its Washington, Philadelphia and Indianapolis Field Offices, and by HSI and its Cyber Crimes Center and Chicago-O’Hare Field Office, with assistance from Drug Enforcement Administration’s (DEA) New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force, which comprises agents and officers of the DEA, the Internal Revenue Service, the New York City Police Department, HSI, the New York State Police, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the U.S. Secret Service, the U.S. Marshals Service, the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the New York Department of Taxation. The law enforcement authorities of Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, whose actions have been coordinated through Eurojust and Europol’s EC3.
CRM400 .Onion, hidden, TOR addresses were removed from the internet because they were offering a wide range of illegal goods and services.CLSFCTN10140002
The Dark Market Sites  were all operating online criminal marketplaces, openly advertising on their home pages and offering to sell a variety of illicit goods and services to customers in the United States and elsewhere. The advertised goods and services included, among other things: illegal narcotics; firearms; stolen credit card data and personal identification information; counterfeit currency; fake passports and other identification documents; and computer-hacking tools and services.
CRMAs  illegal activity online becomes more prevalent, criminals can no longer expect that they can hide in the shadows of the ‘dark web.’ We shut down the original Silk Road website and now we have shut down its replacement, as well as multiple other ‘dark market’ sites allegedly offering all manner of illicit goods and services, from firearms to computer hacking. CLSFCTN10140002
As of September 2014, Silk Road 2.0 was generating sales of at least approximately $8 million per month and had approximately 150,000 active users.  Silk Road 2.0 had over 13,000 listings for controlled substances, including, among others, 1,783 listings for “Psychedelics,” 1,697 listings for “Ecstasy,” 1,707 listings for “Cannabis,” and 379 listings for “Opioids.” Besides illegal narcotics, other illicit goods and services were openly advertised for sale on Silk Road 2.0 as well, including fraudulent identification documents and computer-hacking tools and services.
CRMThe defendant is charged with one count of conspiring to commit narcotics trafficking; one count of conspiring to commit computer hacking; one count of conspiring to traffic in fraudulent identification documents; and one count of money laundering conspiracy.CLSFCTN10140002
The defendants were located in Mexico, but the crimes spanned from CA to FL.  The Mexican authorities turned the defendant over to the US for prosecution.
CRMThe defendant is responsible for stealing over 400,000 identities and then use the stolen identities to steal money from individuals accounts and to purchase expensive electronic items and charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, computer hacking, aggravated identity theft, and wire fraud. CLSFCTN10080007
The symposium included 400 educators, parents, middle school and high school children and discussed topics that included child exploitation, cyber bullying, digital reputation, social media and Internet dangers, and sextortion.   The FBI participated and hopes to have an impact on kids so that they can protect themselves and act as our ambassadors among their peers in stemming online victimization by predators or cyber bullies.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
Although the cyber criminals are practiced at deception, there are ways to spot the fraud, according to Special Agent Paula Ebersole in our Washington Field Office. “The most important thing is to independently verify shipping addresses,” she said, “no matter how legitimate a website or e-mail looks.”
CRMPurchase order fraud, Conspiracy to commit fraud, mail fraudCLSFCTN10200000
He hacked into multiple networks around the country, stole sensitive information and altered academic records and stole credit and debit card information
CRM Criminal found guilty of computer hacking - 2 counts of computer intrusion and one count of access device fraudCLSFCTN10080006
Criminals stole over $9.4M
CRMCriminal sentenced/found guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and computer intrusionCLSFCTN10080007
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month - the Safe on-line Surfing Challenge is open to all public, private, and home schools nationwide. It is a free, educational, fun online program that promotes cyber awareness and teaches students in third through eighth grades how to recognize and respond to online dangers. Each grade-specific program includes interactive sections that include scavenger hunts, games, and quizzes. The topics covered in the SOS Challenge include protecting personal information, online predators, cyber bullying, instant messaging, social networking, cell phone safety, gaming safety, reporting, and copyright and fair use rules.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
The National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force (NCIJTF) was established in 2008 by a presidential directive and administered by the FBI, the NCIJTF is also tasked with identifying cyber hackers and understanding their motivations and capabilities.  The NCIJTF is looking at the overall cyber landscape,” said FBI Special Agent Paul Holdeman, and NCIJTF chief. “We are looking at the broad strategic shifts in the enemy’s tactics and movements. What are these bad actors doing, and what threats do they pose?”  The key to NCIJTF’s success is the ability to exchange of information--bringing everyone together under one roof has been a huge benefit.
CRMnaCLSFCTN0
naCRMCriminal found guilty and sentenced, to 18 months in prison for hacking into his neighbor’s wireless router and using it to post a bomb threat.CLSFCTN10080007
If convicted, the defendant faces a maximum sentence of five years and a fine of $250,000 for each violation
CRMThe defendant was charged with two counts of illegal wiretapping and the possession of illegal interception devicesCLSFCTN10080004
In total, 17 victims sent approximately $321,389 to accounts opened by Stanciu. Stanciu subsequently sent the bulk of the money to co-conspirators located overseas.
CRMCriminal found guilty of one count of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud CLSFCTN10020007
Two men hacked into victims’ e-mail accounts to steal nude or sexually explicit photos that were later posted without the victim’s permission for purposes of revenge on a “revenge porn” website.  The crime included conspiracy, seven counts of unauthorized access to a protected computer to obtain information, and seven counts of aggravated identity theft.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN10210007
He had been fired from a law firm.  In retaliation, he logged into the firm’s servers using an internal company password provided to him by a co-conspirator.  Once he accessed the server, he installed software to capture passwords of anyone on the firm’s network.  He also deleted the firm’s backup files.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A man accused of anonymously hacking several online accounts to extort young females into sending him nude photos and video or submitting to five-minute Skype sessions was charged with federal extortion. He compromised and hacked multiple victims’ online accounts.  He used malicious software to disguise his identity in order to capture nude photos or videos of female victims through remote operation of their webcams without their consent. He then contacted some victims using e-mail accounts he had taken over.  He threatened to publicly post compromising photos or video to the victims’ online social media accounts unless the victim either sent nude photos or videos or engaged in a Skype session with him and did what he said for five minutes, according to the complaint.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN10210007
A man conducted a scheme to sell unapproved foreign oncology drugs to doctors in the United States.  He committed federal offenses including wire fraud, mail fraud, selling unapproved drugs, selling misbranded drugs, and importing merchandise contrary to law. He ordered unapproved drugs from foreign sources, including sources in Turkey, India, and Pakistan, directed them to be shipped in bulk to a designated location, and then sold them to doctors within the United States at substantially discounted prices.CRMTrafficking in Prescription DrugsCLSFCTN10090002
A former trooper with the Ohio State Highway Patrol coerced female victims to engage in sexual acts in exchange for lenient treatment in connection with potential criminal cases and traffic tickets.  This violated the civil rights of female motorists and one count of engaging in cyber stalking by harassing and threatening victims by sending threatening electronic messages.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN10210007
An employee (business agent) exceeded authorized access to the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles (NYS DMV) database.  He had limited authorization to access the database.  He illegally could determine the registered owners of vehicles.  He violated his agreement with the DMV.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A woman accessed the University of Alabama computer to steal student loan funds from fellow students.  This access was unauthorized.  She used emails and phishing attempts to obtain information to transfer funds from student accounts to her own account.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A therapist at a hospital obtained individually identifiable health information and unauthorized access of a protected computer without authorization.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A local football coach’s house was searched revealing evidence of child pornography and cyber stalking of MSU students.  The child pornography offenses occurred in Pennsylvania where the charge from Michigan will be transferred for prosecution as part of the plea agreement.  
Ostrowski would overtake the victim’s social networking accounts, exploit personal information and then harass and threaten the students.  The FBI says all people who obtain child pornography images will face severe punishment.
CRMCyberstalking and Child PornographyCLSFCTN10150003
This case began with a complaint a person got over his Twitter account. On March 6, Joseph Joel Morales-Serrano sent a threating message to a fellow Twitterer saying “watch out during the demonstration it can end like in Boston, a—hole.” The FBI searched the house of Morales-Serrano which was located in Puerto Rico.  Morales-Serrano admitted that was his Twitter moniker and admitted he threatened Julio Serrano.  Morales-Serrano may face 5 years in prison for transmitting in interstate of foreign commerce a communication threatening to injure a fellow person.CRMCyberbullyingCLSFCTN10150000
Edwin Vargas was arrested outside of his home in Bronxville, NY announced George Venizelos, the Assistant Director in Charge of the New York Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).  Vargas is a New York City Police Department (NYPD) detective.  Vargas illegally obtained information on two officers using a federal database (NCIC) he had access to due to his job.  Vargas paid $4000 to illegally collect information on numerous fellow officers as well.  Between March 2011- Oct 2012, Vargas hired an email hacking company to get the user names and passwords of the email accounts of 43 fellow officers.  Agents found the information on the suspect’s NYPD computer.  Vargas is charged with one count of conspiracy to commit hacking and one count of hacking.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Alexander Waterland, 25, was convicted to 1 year in federal prison and two years of supervised probation after illegally downloading personal information on University of Pittsburgh.  Waterland received the link to the information form a coworker, Brett Hudson.  Waterland was going to use the information to make a threat to the University.  Waterland and Hudson threatened to release PII unless the Chancellor posted an apology to the students.  Waterland and Hudson posted and sent threats through email, Twitter and UTube.CRMInternet extortion conspiracyCLSFCTN10030000
Michael Meneses was convicted of hacking into a company that manufactures high-voltage equipment and caused over $90,000 in damage.  Meneses worked at the company as a software programmer and system manager ensuring the companies software operated efficiently – especially production planning, purchasing, and inventory control.  In December 2011, Meneses quit sighting lack of promotion award.  Meneses hacked in from home and illegally obtained log in credentials to access the network, Once in, Meneses caused large disruptions in production and finance.  Meneses faces max sentence in years of prison, $250,000 fine plus restitution.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Hamza Bendelladj was convicted in the US after extradition from Thailand for creating, distributing and operating a malicious computer virus called SpyEye.  The virus was designed to invade home computers in order to steal personal information such as passwords and users’ names.  After obtaining the personal information, he would then sell it to other cybercriminals.  Bendelladj had over 253 financial institutions information on his server which was located in Georgia. Bendelladj faces a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison for conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud; up to 20 years for each wire fraud count; up to five years for conspiracy to commit computer fraud; up to five or 10 years for each count of computer fraud; and fines of up to $14 million.CRMWire, bank and computer fraudCLSFCTN10160001
Robert Edwin Steele was convicted on 14 counts of unauthorized access to a computer.  Two counts of misdemeanor violations and twelve counts of felony violations were delivered in the Virginia court.  Steele working at companies who are government contractors.   After quitting from company A, Steele assured the board he would bot access the system.  Company A shut his accounts down; however, Steele gained access through a secret admin account he had learned about while working there.  Steele obtained documents concerning bids from competing companies using the information to underbid the contracts.  His new company did not win the contract.  Steele had access the system more than 79,000 times sifting through hundreds of pages of documents.CRMUnauthorized AccessCLSFCTN10080007
The organizer of a botnet virus was sentenced to 71 month in prison in New Jersey.  The botnet network of virus-controlled computers was going to be used to influence stock prices worldwide.  The Cedar Park, Texas man, Christopher Rad, 44, was convicted previously of fraud attempting to commit securities fraud using spam, conspiring to transmit spam through unauthorized computers.  In a practice known as a “pump and dump”, Rad would artificially inflate stocks worth and then sell them for a large profit.  Viruses were sent out to infect computers around the world, creating a virtual army of hijacked computers. The spammers then caused the botnets to distribute spam to promote the stocks Reed wanted to manipulate. Infected computers were discovered in New Jersey, Europe, Russia, and elsewhere. The botnet was controlled from command and control servers located overseas, including in Russia and China.
Rad paid the spammers more than $1.4 million, making payments through e-Gold. Hackers hacked into the brokerage accounts of third parties, liquidated the stocks in those accounts, and used the accounts to purchase some of the stocks the scheme desired to manipulate. This increased the volume of shares being traded and created an impression that the stocks were worth purchasing. Rad made approximately $2.8 million from his schemes.  In addition to the prison term, Judge Pisano sentenced Rad to serve five years of supervised release and ordered him to pay a $30,000 fine. Restitution will be determined at a later date.
CRMFraudCLSFCTN10160000
The PSA includes many ways to protect yourself.  These include: turn on all privacy settings on social media; be aware of security settings on computers; limit personal postings to social media; restrict drivers license registration information; request real estate and personal property records to be restricted; routinely upgrade software and hardware; pay close attention to all emails; routinely conduct online searches of yourself; monitor credit activity; change passwords regularly; and report any suspicious activity.CRMThere is no specific crime associated with this PSA, but it goes into detail about how hacktivists are targeting government personnel through open source searches and using this information to exploit gaps in security.  These hacktivists will post the gathered information in public places and include reasons why people should be targeted.  They will also use the information to wage a “swatting” campaign against these government officials.CLSFCTN0
1. Use the .gov/.mil instead of .com. 2. Use search engines to search the advertised company. 3. Search for negative feedback from company. 4. Always be cautious when dealing with people from outside of the country. 5. Maintain all records of transactions.CRMThe IC3 has received many complaints regarding criminals hosting fraudulent websites from May 2012 to March 2015.  The amount of money lost has been minimal, but the victims are losing massive amounts of PII.  This information is then used to create fake loans, passports, tax refunds, and many other things.  The crime is usually initiated when a victim searches for a government service such as how to get a new social security card.  The criminal result is listed first, so the victim choses it.  The website directs them to fill out forms and submit a fee to accomplish their task.  After the completion of the process the victim is directed to send their birth cert, drivers license, SS card and any other personal ID badge. Then the victim is directed to wait a few weeks to a few months for processing.  By the time the victim realizes the scam, there are multiple charges or credit cards in their name.  CLSFCTN0
1. Review WordPress guidelines 2. Identify WordPress vulnerabilities 3. Update WordPress 4. Run all software as a non-privileged user, without admin privileges, to diminish effects of successful attacks 5. Confirm that all application and operating system software is up to dateCRMPerpetrators using the ISIL name to gain notoriety are using relatively unsophisticated hacking techniques to exploit technical vulnerabilities to disrupt communication platforms.  This attack affects news organizations, commercial entities, religious institutions, government institutions, and a variety of other websites both international and domestic.  Successful exploitation could result in an attacker gaining unauthorized access to computer systems.  All victims share common WordPress plug-in vulnerabilities easily accessible by commonly available hacking toolsCLSFCTN0
CRMThe defendant would compromise a victims brokerage account, use it to purchase stock from his (the defendant\'s) account at an above market price, then sell the stock back to his own account from the victim at market, pocketing the difference.CLSFCTN14
CRMThe article does not specify a particular crime; instead it is a warning about the possibility of malware being installed when victims are traveling (especially outside the US) and they connect to a hotel internet service that has been compromised.  The malware is installed by spoofing the user into thinking that they are installing an update to software on their computer.CLSFCTN52
CRMWire Fraud in conjunction with fraudulent web sitesCLSFCTN45
CRMTwo men who pretended to be Internet telephone service wholesalers were found guilt in a scheme to steal more than $4.4 million from multiple VoIP service providers.  The would get VoIP services from major telecom companies, like Verizon and ATT, on credit, then sell those services to 3rd party VoIP providers (mostly international providers), bill the 3rd party company and pay little, if anything to the actual VoIP telecom provider.CLSFCTN12
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Moldovan man pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud.  Dumitru Doban and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay and AutoTrader.com) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Doban and his co-conspirators, they were instructed to send payment using fake third party sites (such as eBay Motors and Google Waller).  After submitting the payment using the false sites, the defendant transferred the money to overseas accounts and no vehicle was ever provided to the “buyers”.  Doban was identified as having scammed 18 people from the US and Canada, obtaining approximately $257,489 in the process.  Doban could face sentences as high as 20 years in federal prison and/or a $250,000 fine.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
The person convicted for the crime, Eric J. Rosol, was determined to participate in a web attack sponsored by the hacker group Anonymous.  Utilizing the Low Orbit Ion Cannon botnet system installed on his computer, Rosol joined in the distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on the web server for Koch Industries hosting the website Kochind.com.  The site was down for approximately 15 minutes.  Rosol was sentenced to two years probation and ordered to pay $183,000 in restitution (approximately the cost of the security consulting group Koch Industries hired to protect its sites).CRMDistributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) AttackCLSFCTN125
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding a variation of the “man-in-the-middle” scam that they are terming the “man-in-the-e-mail” scheme.  The announcement states that in 2013, companies in the Washington state area were scammed when their emails for payments to supply companies in China were intercepted and spoofed.  The perpetrators sent fraudulent information to both companies indicating that payments would be sent to a different account (maintained by the perpetrators).  Through this scam, the affected companies lost approximately $1.65 million.  The announcement warns that since both companies can be scammed (the one paying and the one shipping the items/goods), companies must be cautious with regards to emails not digitally signed, non-direct communication with changes to set business deals and/or practices, and un-secure channels.  In addition, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for companies already affected.CRMCLSFCTN0
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding how to remain secure and avoid scams during the holiday season.  The announcement provides basic details regarding the most common scams including fraudulent classified ads/auction sales, gift card scams, and phishing/social networking.  Tips for avoiding the common scams are provided (such as avoiding links in unknown emails, directly logging in to websites instead of clicking hyperlinks, and contacting the business to check the validity of communications.  Finally, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for people already affected.CRMCLSFCTN0
Assistant Director of the FBI Cyber Division toured a market in China last fall.  He witnessed knock-off versions of U.S. merchandise.  It is estimated that U.S. businesses lose $50 billion a year in revenue .  In addition to fraudulent merchandise, the Cyber Division investigates hackers to child porn to theft of trade secrets.  Reigel retired after 31 years at the Bureau and his final year in charge of Cyber Division.

Reigel’s biggest successes in his final year included getting industry to trust the FBI with regards to cybercrime.  He believes that challenges down the road include increased computer intrusions. Particularly from Asia and Eastern Europe.  Commenting on his trip to China, Reigel believes that the door is beginning to open and hopefully they can work joint cases in the future.
CRMCLSFCTN0
With the increase in social networking sites, the easy and immediate opportunities for sexual predators has also increased.  The FBI has opened dozens of cases nationwide and received more than 500 complaints.  

To keep your children safe the FBI recommends:

o	Monitor your kids internet use and keep the computer in a central location
o	Tell your kids the reasons why it is important not to share personal information online
o	Check your kids social profiles
o	Read and follow safety tips regarding online behavior
o	Report inappropriate activity to the website or law enforcement immediately
CRMCLSFCTN0
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) reports that the incidents of cybercrime are up significantly for 2005 and the total dollar losses are at all-time highs.  During the final three months of 2005, more complaints were filed than any other quarter in the past 6 years.  

The case load resulting from the Innocent Images program  has risen over 2,000 percent from 113 investigations in 1996 to 2,500 investigations in 2005.

To combat these trends the FBI is working in closely with their domestic and international partners.  FBI agents are working with officers from around the world to combat online sexual abuse of children and six agents and staff work full time at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
CRMCLSFCTN0
Supervisory Special Agent Tom Veivia of the Innocent Images program offers the following advice to parents regarding keeping their kids safe online:

o	Parents should educate themselves regarding online risks as there has been an increase in child predators targeting kids online.
o	Keep your computer in a common area so you can see what is going on
o	Use parental controls to restrict the sites your kids can visit.
o	Explain the risks to your kids and warn them about sharing information online.
CRMCLSFCTN0
FBI agents from the Buffalo field office with the help of 15 other agencies helped to recover Congressional Medals of Honor that were for sale on Ebay.  A seller from Mississauga, Ontario Canada was arrested in July 2003, pled guilty, and is serving a prison sentence.  Two Medals of Honor were recovered.

A ceremony to restore the Medals took place on May 27th.  The FBI hosted 27 WWII veterans presided as the FBI Director and Deputy Director presented 3 medals to the President of the Medal of Honor Society.
CRMCLSFCTN0
In June 2004 the FBI opened the Computer Crimes Task Force in New Haven Connecticut, a state of the art computer forensics lab.  It is one of 50 task forces in the US that bring together federal, state, and local officers to combat pedophiles, hackers, thieves, criminals and terrorists who use computers to plan and commit crime.

This lab is the second in the US where participating agencies can deconstruct hardware and software, analyze hard drives and other storage media, and recover evidence for their cases.  The officers and agents jointly work cases to catch sexual predators operating in chat rooms.
CRMCLSFCTN0
48 million young internet users are facing unprecedented threats online:
o	Six in ten have gotten an email from a perfect stranger and half have replied
o	One in 33 has been aggressively solicited to meet their “cyber friend” in person.
o	One in four kids age 10 – 17 has been exposed to unwanted sexual material.
FBI Special Agent Arnold Bell gives the following advice:

o	Communicate and talk to your kids about the danger
o	Establish ground rules on interacting on the internet and what information can be shared
o	Keep tabs on their online activity
o	Report suspicious/inappropriate things you find online
o	Contact the police immediately if your child is abducted
CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMPhilip Cummings, a help desk employee who had access to consumer credit reports from the three major commercial credit companies, stole upwards of 3,000 credit reports.  These reports were sold to Nigerian nationals who looted bank accounts and racked up credit card charges.CLSFCTN10130000
Identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes in the US.  10 million people fall victim to it yearly.  The FBI offers the following tips to avoid being a victim:

o	Review your credit report for discrepancies
o	Shred old credit card statement, financial statements, and receipts
o	Close all unused credit and banks accounts
o	Remove your name from mailing lists for pre-approved credit lines
o	Hide your pin number when using the ATM
o	Contact creditors and service providers if you notice unexplainable charges
o	Keep your computer updated with the latest virus software
o	Be wary of giving out personal information unless you initiate it
o	Do not carry your SSN or other sensitive passwords in your wallet
o	Do not put your SSN on checks
CRMCLSFCTN0
A “war spammer” is an individual who drives around looking for unprotected wireless networks and then when they find one, use it to send SPAM email.

On September 27, 2003 Nicholas Tombros was convicted of sending spam to thousands of people while driving through the neighborhoods of Marina Del Ray.

The FBI suggests the following to protect yourself from war spamming:

o	Enable WAP or WEP encryption on your wireless router
o	Change the default SSID on the router and turn off broadcast
o	Activate MAC filtering
o	Always make sure your computer has up to date software, virus protection, and a personal firewall.
CRMCLSFCTN0
Infragard is an eight your old partnership between the FBI and the public to protect critical infrastructure.  The program has 14,800 members in 84 local chapters worldwide.  The members come from various backgrounds including business executives, entrepreneurs, military and government officials, computer security officials, and concerned citizens.  The key to the partnership is information and intelligence sharing.CRMCLSFCTN0
Cyber criminals are using the following schemes to divert charitable donations from Tsunami disaster relief.
o	False websites
o	SPAM mail that offer a service to find disaster victims
o	SPAM mail soliciting donations for disaster relief
o	SPAM mail asking for personal or financial information to retrieve large amounts of inheritance funds.
The FBI offers the following tips to avoid being a victim of the above:
o	Do not respond to SPAM mail
o	Be skeptical of government officials or victims claiming they need help with large amounts of money
o	Go directly to U.S. based non-profit organizations instead of clicking on a link
o	Validate the legitimacy of non-profit organizations
CRMCLSFCTN0
Special Agent Brian T. Herrick is assigned to the FBI field office in Buffalo, New York.  He joined the FBI from private industry after getting involved in the Philadelphia Infragard chapter.  His focus is mainly cybercrimes but has also been involved in investigating bank robberies, monitoring wire taps, and working a kidnapping. 

Agent Herrick says there is no such thing as a typical working day in the FBI.  With his computer forensic work, he might examine logs for network intrusion, interview in internet fraud victim, and then analyze a computer of a child predator.  

What he likes best about his job is access to technology and having the technical tools he needs to do his job.
CRMCLSFCTN0
A Norfolk, VA couple was wanted for scamming religious investors and fled the country to evade capture.  They were arrested at the railway station in Shropshire, England by detectives from Scotland Yard and local police.  The couple seen by a British citizen who saw the couples wanted poster on the FBI website.

A Sparks, Nevada man wanted for sexually assaulting a child fled across the Mexico border to evade capture.  However, he was arrested in Puerta Vallarta when someone recognized him after they saw his photo on the FBI website.

In 2004, 9 fugitives were captured thanks to the power of the internet.
CRMCLSFCTN0
For the past 6 years Kevin Gutfleish has worked as an intelligence analyst for the FBI’s Innocent Images program.  Kevin’s says that the best part of his job is that he is protecting kids.  Also, there are many other opportunities for intelligence analysts in other parts of the FBI.

According to Kevin, there is no typical work day.  He works as a subject matter expert on predators targeting kids but may also write an intelligence assessment then working on other important cases to assessing field undercover ops.
CRMCLSFCTN0
“Phishing” is one of the fastest growing cyber crimes. Tens of millions of Americans have been the targets of bogus emails, web pages, and pop-ups attempting to con them out of their financial data.

The FBI and its partners have launched a proactive campaign called “Digital Phishnet”.  The operation includes 50 cyber experts from:

o	Five major e-commerce companies
o	Four top ISPs
o	Nine of the top 10 US banks and financial service providers
o	Key federal law enforcement agencies
o	National Cyber-Forensics & Training Council
The “Digital Phishnet” works as follows:
o	Private industry or law enforcement find a scheme and quickly pass the details onto the team
o	The team further evaluates and investigates the threat
o	Based on the investigation, the team makes an initial evaluation
o	The team then prioritizes the attack and determines a proactive targeting strategy.
CRMCLSFCTN0
On February 9, 2005 Steve Martinez, head of the FBI Cyber Division addressed the Third Annual Cyber Security Alliance Summit.  Steve’s main message was that the FBI needs the help of all levels of US and international law enforcement and private industry.  The FBI particularly needs the help of companies who have been attacked.

Martinez explained that the FBI needs more complete intelligence on hacker tools and techniques.  He continued that protecting systems was not good enough and that cyber criminals must be gone after aggressively.  The most effective deterrent is putting the criminals in jail.
CRMCLSFCTN0
Special Agent Chad H. joined the FBI after 12 years of private industry experience in the field of computers.  Chad finds excitement in both the physical side of things such as making arrests and conducting searches, but also outwitting cybercriminals.  For him there is  never a typical day.  On any day he may be doing a multitude of different things such as surveillance, victim interviews, reviewing computer forensic evidence, to participating in searches and even making an arrest.  Chad says that with cybercrime exploding, the need for technically talented FBI agents is at an all-time high.CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMJuana Martinez was selling fraudulent identification documents out of her beauty salon.  The documents included fake birth certificates, social security cards, Green Cards, passports, and driver’s licenses.  She charged upwards of $1,000 for a fake Social Security card and matching birth certificate.CLSFCTN10060000
CRMNigerian nationals were involved in an international online fraud ring preying on singles in the US.  The Nigerians would befriend singles online in chat rooms and romance them with flowers and gifts.  The relationship would then progress and they would convince their victims to accept packages on their behalf and then repackage and reship them to Nigeria.  The merchandise was purchased using stolen credit cards.

CLSFCTN10070000
CRMThe owner of an online sports apparel store hired a hacker to disable his competitor websites therefore driving up his sales.  The hacker created a botnet of 2,000 computers.  Using this botnet the hacker initiated DDOS attacks against a list of 10 sites.  The DDOS attacks impacted not only the 10 sites, but brought down hosting company servers impacting at least 1,000 unrelated businesses.  The attacks resulted in at least $2.5 million in damage.CLSFCTN10080006
In April 2005 the top Criminal Investigative exec of the FBI testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Identity theft.  There were over 1,600 active investigations.  Since the IC3 was created, it has received over 100,000 identity theft-related complaints.  

Identity theft is hard to quantify because it crosses all investigative programs, criminal fraud, cybercrime, violent crime, organized crime, terrorism.  Any criminal activity or national security plot that uses identity theft falls into this category.

The FBI has investigative partnerships with federal, state, and local law enforcement to combat this trend.  They are sharing information with every sector of business, government, education, finance, communications, and health.
CRMCLSFCTN0
The Cyber Incident Detection & Data Analysis Center (CIDDAC) is a new non-profit, private sector organization which will act as a cyber threat reporting system.  Organizations that join CIDDAC will connect real-time cyber attack detection sensors to their networks.  The sensors will detect attacks and send valuable forensic data to the CIDDAC ops center for analysis.  Following analysis, information will be sent to cyber investigators and to the Department of Homeland Security.

Participating organizations will remain anonymous.  Critical network services or applications and proprietary data will not be put at risk.  Information is only passed to law enforcement when they think there is a crime.  Participants benefit by finding out when an attack is hitting other networks or the business sector as a whole.  Law enforcement benefits by knowing how and when an attack is occurring which will allow them to more quickly identify, locate, and stop the threat.
CRMCLSFCTN0
CRMJohnny Ray Rasca, a native New Yorker, move to Hollywood in 2002.  He was a lone wolf who would pirate movies and then sell them for profit.

Rasca would attend advanced screenings of movies, posing as a movie industry insider.  Once in the theater he would rig his camera to the arm rest and begin filming when the lights dimmed.  After he captured the film, he would go home and mass produce his recordings on 11 interlinked VCRs and sell them over the Internet.  He claimed to be clearing $4,500 a week.
CLSFCTN10140002
Cyber criminal was selling more than 35,000 illegally copied computer games over the Internet. He would buy a single copy of a game, illegally duplicate it and sell the copies on eBay.com and Amazon.com. He also set up a website for customers to download the games they bought. The games were original works of more than 60 different software companies. The estimated total retail value of the games is about $700,000. He sold each counterfeit game for around $9.95.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN10260002
Smishing and vishing scams target your mobile phone. Criminals attempting to collect personal information to get your money.Vishing scams also target land-line phones. Victims receive a text message or an automated phone call on your cell phone saying there’s a problem with your bank account. Victims given a phone number to call or a website to log into and asked to provide personal identifiable information (bank account number, PIN, credit card number) to fix the problem.   CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) logged its 2 millionth consumer complaint alleging online criminal activity on November 9, 2010. The IC3 receives, develops, and refers cyber crime complaints to local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies. The IC3 gives cyber crime victims a convenient and easy-to-use reporting mechanism that alerts authorities of suspected criminal or civil violations.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
A man was sentenced to prison for intentionally accessing without authorization the e-mail account of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and obstructing justice. He obtained unauthorized access by resetting the account password, answering a series of security questions, read the contents of the account and made screenshots of the e-mail directory, e-mail content, and other personal information.  He posted screenshots of the e-mails, the new e-mail account password, and other personal information to a public website.  He became aware of possible FBI investigation, so he deleted records and documents with the intent to impede anticipated FBI investigation.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
The hacker controlled victim’s computer webcam and microphone. He could see her in her bedroom, hear her conversations, knew every keystroke she made online. And he threatened to expose her secrets unless she met his demands.  More than 200 victims (dozens adolescent girls). He searched for explicit pictures from their computers, downloaded them, and used the images to extort more pictures and videos from them.CRMSexual HarassmentCLSFCTN10210007
Scam pop-ups are called “scareware” frighten you into purchasing fake antivirus software with a seemingly genuine security warning. Program will either do nothing or installs malware on your computer. Software may download automatically.CRMIntimidationCLSFCTN10150000
Mass marketing fraud exploits mass communication like bulk mail or telemarketing.  Via the Internet, criminals target victims halfway around the world, blasting out spam e-mails by the millions and setting up phony but realistic websites to lure people in. Mass marketing fraud tricks you into paying or giving personal information for the promise of future prizes, products, or services that never come.CRMNon-Auction Consumer Fraud - OtherCLSFCTN10170002
Director Robert S. Mueller, III has named Gordon M. Snow assistant director of the FBI’s Cyber Division. He will be responsible for leading the FBI’s efforts to protect the United States against cyber-based attacks and high-technology crimes. Gordon has broad range of investigative and leadership experience.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
E-mail scams that claim to be from FBI, ask for money or personal information are highest percentage (16.6) of complaint types submitted 2009  to FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3).  IC3 received 336,655 complaints during 2009, a 22.3 percent increase from 2008.  Other complaint categories:  Non-delivered merchandise and or non-payment, (11.9 percent); Advance fee fraud, (9.8 percent);  Identity theft, (8.2 percent); and Overpayment fraud, (7.3 percent).CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Online banking fraud, large sums of money moved in/out of the company accounts.  Hacking into computer system, defacement of state agency websites. “SQL injection” attack inserted code into website, enabling access to company database with customer orders and credit card numbers.  FBI-sponsored initiative called InfraGard sharing valuable information that benefited investigations, brings together representatives from the private and public sectors to help protect critical infrastructure and key resources from attacks by terrorists, criminals.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Terrorists plotting and scheming anonymously online, posting videos on how to build backpack bombs to bio-weapons.  Spies, hired cyber mercenaries, and criminal syndicates hacking into government networks, attempting to steal national sensitive secrets. Hackers using information about a business and its employees to create bogus e-mails that give back door into company network and window into everything it does.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
The pornographic images spotted online by Canadian authorities in 2007.  Images contained clues that helped investigators rescue victims and convict criminals.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
With holiday shopping, crooks and scammers are active to steal money and personal information. On first Monday after Thanksgiving FBI Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) issued an alert reminding shoppers to be cautious with money and personal information.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Highly sophisticated and orchestrated crime:   thieves across the globe simultaneously, with cloned or stolen debit cards and PINs, hit more than 2,100 money machines in at least 280 cities on three continents, in such countries as the U.S., Canada, Italy, Hong Kong, Japan, Estonia, Russia, and the Ukraine, within 12 hours.  $9 million in cash.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Cyber thieves “phish” for personal information such as usernames, passwords, and financial account details by tricking users into thinking their sensitive information is being given to trusted websites when, in fact, the sites are traps. The criminals targeted U.S. banks and victimized hundreds and possibly thousands of account holders by stealing their financial information and using it to transfer about $1.5 million to bogus accounts they controlled. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Scam being perpetrated by Nigerian criminals in a number of U.S. states, victims are solicited by Nigerian criminals to transfer money out of the U.S. and into the criminals’ accounts for low cost rentals that don’t exist.  Millions of dollars annually.CRMRental FraudCLSFCTN10240001
Items offered for sale on legitimate online auction sites to lure unsuspecting victims into online auction fraud schemes.  Most of the one million-plus transactions that take place each day on these websites are legitimate; just a fraction actually result in some type of fraud.CRMAuction Fraud - FakeCLSFCTN10020002
RSA Conference largest gathering of computer security professionals anywhere. Thousands of cyber security pros from every industry and from across the world, networking for sharing latest technologies and best practices:  botnets, cryptography, cyber warfare, hacking, cloud computing, data privacy, and insider and critical infrastructure threats.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Customers of a telecommunications firm received an bogus e-mail, asked to go to bogus company website via a link in e-mail to provide personal information (birthdates, Social Security numbers). Case of “phishing” which is a virtual trap set by cyber thieves that uses official-looking e-mails to lure victims to fake websites for revealing your personal information.  It’s also an example “spear phishing”:  target select groups of people with something in common: work at the same company, bank at the same financial institution, attend the same college, order merchandise from the same website, etc. The e-mails are ostensibly sent from organizations or individuals the potential victims would normally get e-mails from, making them even more deceptive.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Reports of Internet scams and their financial toll continued to grow in 2008, according to the latest data by the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), which operates a website, www.ic3.gov, to collect and refer public complaints about Internet fraud.  In 2008, more than $264 million was lost in 275,284 complaints—an average of $931 for every complaint—according to the 2008 Internet Crime Report, released March 30. Almost one-third of the complaints were for non-delivery of merchandise purchased online; auction fraud accounted for one in four complaints.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
The FBI Cyber Division’s Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), a partnership with the nonprofit National White Collar Crime Center, can plot a scammer’s location on a map, along with their victims, and then go after them.  In any given month IC3’s website gets about 20,000 complaints. Agents and analysts wade through them to find patterns and trends, and then go after the scammers by sending the investigative leads to law enforcement agencies or FBI field offices.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Operation Joint Hammer has resulted in the rescue of young girl victims being sexually abused by pornographers. Approximately 170 people have been arrested, more than 60 of them U.S. citizens. Seven major child pornography rings, hosting the worst of the worst, have been dismantled. And the investigation is far from complete. So far, the FBI and our U.S. partners have conducted more than 250 searches as part of the operation.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Cyber crooks use online forums to advertise illegal wares, buy and sell computer viruses, and traffic in stolen identities for huge profits.  For about $30 cyber crooks anywhere in the world can buy a blank credit card, complete with the holographic security markings used by legitimate credit card companies. They can buy equipment to encode someone’s stolen identity information onto the card. And they can buy software to verify that the unsuspecting victim’s credit is good, so that anyone using the phony card will not raise suspicions at the checkout counter. CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Top cyber exec says cyber threat growing in sophistication, from two dozen nations taking an “aggressive interest” in stealing secrets to new virtual gangs pooling their talents to launch coordinated attacks and crimes.  But partnerships are emerging globally to deal with rising cyber crime.  Department of Homeland Security (DHS) helps educate the public on the shared responsibility of protecting cyberspace.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
A group of cyber criminals established a forum on the Internet called “Dark Market,” where they bought and sold stolen financial information such as credit card data, login credentials (user names and passwords), and even electronic equipment for carrying out financial crimes.  This criminal network had over 2,500 registered members, who all believed they were operating in a protected cyber environment because they went to great lengths to vet members and to weed out undesirable elements.CRMTrafficking in Illegal Goods (selling things that are stolen or counterfeit)CLSFCTN10140002
Criminals and spies using Internet to commit crimes against U.S. businesses and to attack government networks are getting more sophisticated.  Increasing number of crimes impacts the economy and threatens national security. FBI and international partners takedown transnational criminal network that was buying and selling stolen financial information through an online forum known as “Dark Market.”  Malicious attacks that deny access to websites, that compromise sensitive information, or that introduce “botnets” that spread viruses and covertly co-opt computers to carry out data theft.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
The exploitation of children has evolved from lone predators with limited reach to global communities of pedophiles on the Internet, exchanging videos via encrypted websites, flash drives, and cell phones capable of storing thousands of images.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Criminals with links to global organized crime, working out of Romania, U.S., Pakistan, Portugal, and Canada conducting engineering cyber-based “phishing.”  Bogus e-mail from your bank or trusted institution cons victims into providing personal information (PINs, social security numbers, credit card information, etc.)  “Smishing” is same scam via text messaging.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
68,000 Wi-Fi “hot spots” in the U.S. at airports, coffee shops, hotels, bookstores, schools, and other locations. Many hot spots have secure networks, some do not. And connecting to an unsecure network can leave you vulnerable to attacks from hackers.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Criminals bilking victims in  U.S. by selling bogus credit card protection plans over the phone. All of the victims were elderly, and many lost their life savings. Elderly are an attractive target for con artists.  Many seniors have a “nest egg.” They’re less likely to report a fraud because they don’t know where to go or they’re too embarrassed to talk about it. If they do report the crime, it’s sometimes hard for them to remember exact details. CRMMiscellaneous FraudCLSFCTN10170001
Pet Scams - you never get the pet; the scam takes your money. Secret Shoppers and Funds Transfer Scams - you’re paid by check and asked to wire a percentage of the money to a third party; check is bad and you’re out the money you sent.  Adoption and Charity Frauds - spam e-mail asking for a pressing donation to a charity and often using the subject header, name of a real charity used, but the money is going to a con artist.  Romance Fraud - online dating or social networking site who lives far away or in another country; wants to meet, but needs money to cover travel expenses; will ask for more money.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Cyber attacks are borderless crimes impacting millions of people and systems worldwide.  Global law enforcement community building operational partnerships, joint investigations, collaborations, task forces, sharing intelligence, swapping tools and best practices, and strengthening and synchronizing their respective laws.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Child pornography network was exposed via global law enforcement operation spanning five countries, three continents, and 11 U.S. states. 22 men have been arrested.  20 victims have been rescued.  Investigative efforts to identify and rescue more victims are continuing. Images and videos were posted, traded, and trafficked using powerful encryption tools to keep the operation secret and a multi-layered system to vet new members. CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Swatting involves calling 9-1-1 and faking an emergency that draws a response from law enforcement, usually a SWAT team.  These calls are dangerous to first responders and to the victims. The callers often tell tales of hostages about to be executed or bombs about to go off. The community is placed in danger as responders rush to the scene, taking them away from real emergencies. And the officers are placed in danger as unsuspecting residents may try to defend themselves.CRMComputer Abuse (other or unknown)CLSFCTN10080002
This threat involves ‘botnets’ which are armies of personal computers taken over by cyber criminals and used to commit all kinds of mischief, from identity theft to denial of service attacks to massive spam campaigns. In June, Operation Bot Roast pinpointed more than a million victimized computers and charged a number of individuals with various cyber-related crimes.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN10080003
In Estonia waves of data requests from computers around the world shut down banks and emergency phone lines, gas stations and grocery stores, newspapers and television stations, even the prime minister’s office.  The source of this attack has not been confirmed.  Caused people to lose the Internet, e-mail, surf the web, access to our data, connectivity, intellectual property, security.   Also, growing intersection of terror and the web is apparent.  Also, rise of Botnets, networks of computers taken over by hackers which can wreak havoc, from shutting down a power grid to flooding an emergency call center with millions of spam messages.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN10080003
A potentially deadly threat that FBI ran to ground in short order with the help of partners. Message posted on Internet threatening attack at San Diego State University in Southern California.  FBI took that threat very seriously, realizing that lives could be at risk from a potential copycat shooter. FBI field office in San Diego quickly opened an investigation, pursued quickly with cooperation of university police, already established as working relationship.CRMOther Threatening BehaviorCLSFCTN10150001
Bot-herders are hackers who install malicious software on computers through the Internet without the owners’ knowledge that controls the computer remotely.  Some botnets are huge: tens of thousands of infected computers. As a result of Operation Bot Roast, an ongoing and coordinated initiative to disrupt and dismantle these bot-herders, FBI identified about 1 million computers across the country that have been compromised.  Operation Bot Roast was launched because the national security implications of the growing botnet threat. The hackers may use the computers themselves, or they may rent out their botnets to the highest bidder. The more computers they control, the more they can charge their clients.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN10080003
It is illegal to gamble online in the United States.  That means: no placing cyber bets on sporting events or in virtual card games; no transferring money electronically for gambling; and no wagers in offshore Internet casinos even if you live in the U.S.  What’s allowed? Some free online games, fantasy leagues, and Indian gaming sites that aren’t strictly defined as Internet gambling.  It’s also illegal for businesses to run gambling websites and to solicit online bets. Even companies handling transactions for cyberspace bettors can face federal charges. FBI strategy for tackling illegal online gambling is to start with the companies providing the services in the first place, the people making the money, the owners of these virtual casinos, gaming rooms, and off-track betting parlors.CRMOnline GamblingCLSFCTN10120001
Wireless Internet or network connection:  Wireless Encryption Protocol (WEP) is vulnerable to hackers. WEP is lowest level of security that comes with a new wireless network. Hackers know that most people don’t even bother to set up password protection, and when they do, they simply use the default. That can be a boon to “war drivers,” people who drive around looking for unsecured wireless Internet access points to hijack. After they tap into the connection, they can send spam or steal computer’s data.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Captain Lovell, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom for safely bringing Apollo 13 and its crew home: the Medal of Freedom originally cast for him, but replaced due to a defect prior a 1970 presentation ceremony, was up for bid on an Internet auction site.  Since the medal still technically belongs to the White House, the collector’s possession of it amounts to theft of government property. The actual medal presented to Captain Lovell by President Nixon is still in his possession.CRMStolen Property OffensesCLSFCTN10260000
2006 annual report issued by our Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), shows how criminals used the ‘Net to launch varieties of fraud.  Types of fraud: online auction fraud (getting a different product than you expected); undelivered merchandise or payments; identity theft; investment fraud; cyberstalking; phishing; spoofing; spamming. CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Criminals using VoIP to hijack identities and steal money, called “vishing.”  Vishing scheme:  you get the typical e-mail, like a traditional phishing scam, but instead of being directed to an Internet site, you’re asked to provide the information over the phone and given a number to call. Those who call the “customer service” number (a VoIP account, not a real financial institution) are led through a series of voice-prompted menus that ask for account numbers, passwords, and other critical information. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Criminal getting money from “donations” and ads on his site while his pirated version of the game, “Lineage II,” was siphoning $750,000 a month in potential revenues from the company.  Criminal obtained the “Lineage” proprietary source code from an unprotected website, then placed on the underground market, where people bought it. Criminal then passed it to his business partner, who set up a website to offer the “Lineage” game at a discount. Gamers , 50,000 active users, paid criminal instead of legitimate game owner.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN10260002
Fraud appears in many ways.  Mortgage fraud; Internet fraud via bogus online auctions and non-delivery of goods; Telemarketing Fraud where victims give personal or financial information to unknown callers; Nigerian Letters or “419” Fraud offers the recipient the “opportunity” to share in a percentage of millions of dollars; Identity Fraud; “Ponzi” Scheme investment fraud.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
The IC3 was founded a partnership between the FBI and the National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C), a nonprofit organization which assists state and local law enforcement in fighting cyber and economic crime. IC3 is central repository and analytical resource addressing all Internet-related crime complaints, which are reviewed by FBI and NW3C analysts and analyzed to identify leads and patterns. IC3 then refers the complaints, along with their analyses, to FBI field offices or other federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
FBI Director Robert Mueller says child pornographers are going further underground, using file-sharing networks and encrypted websites, concealing their financial mechanisms through a maze of online payment services, using stolen credit cards, traveling to foreign countries to exploit minors. FBI has more resources devoted to stopping child predators than ever before, and more initiatives with more partners around the world dedicated to the same mission.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Dangers lurking in cyberspace.  malicious code (viruses, worms, Trojan horses, etc.) that can disable or take over your computer without your knowledge; pedophiles who prowl the web, looking to exploit your kids; con artists and organized criminals who use the ‘net as a cloak of anonymity to suck you into their scams, steal your identity, and rob you of your hard-earned money.CRMComputer VirusCLSFCTN10080003
InfraGard has goal of preventing and responding to potentially disabling attacks on the nation’s physical and electronic infrastructure (banks, water and food supplies, transportation and telecommunications networks, energy systems, emergency services, etc.) by terrorists, spies, hackers..  Identify strategies, and information on how to protect U.S. critical infrastructures from computer intrusions, terrorist threats, physical security breaches, and other attacks. Government and law enforcement officials intelligence sharing initiatives involving current critical infrastructure threats and vulnerabilities:  rail and transit security, first response plans, cyber threats, gang violence, pandemic flu, financial crime trends, water and border security, food and agriculture safety, health care fraud, computer forensics, and post-disaster business continuity.CRMvariousCLSFCTN0
Identity theft for financial gain, get a job, to get healthcare, or to commit a different crime. Criminal needs your personal information:  name, home address, and birth date provide a good start and are readily available in many easily searchable public databases. Social security number, which is a more difficult identifier to steal and is also the key to unlocking your credit, is so important to an identity thief that you must protect it.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Protect Your Workplace: Physical Security Guidelines, including monitoring who enters workplace, reporting broken windows and locks, making back-ups of sensitive and critical information, and reporting suspicious activity and packages.  Protect, passwords, establish clear policies and procedures, implement a layered defense strategy, and monitor and log successful or failed intrusions into networks.  Report Suspicious Cyber Incidents, including suspicious e-mails and questions, system failures, and unauthorized access or use.  CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
You respond to an online job ad; contacted via e-mail for a fake interview; asked for bank account information in order to “direct deposit” your paychecks. Criminals drain your account.  Or, you get an e-mail from a recruiter or company that’s hiring wanting to know all your personal details for a pre-employment background check. This information is used to steal your identity. CRMBusiness/Employment FraudCLSFCTN10100000
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of copyrighted work is illegal. “Cammers” use digital cameras to record first-run movies off theater screens;  convert the video into a limited number of Master DVDs; sell to “wholesalers”; “Wholesalers” make copies from the masters; buy high-quality paper inserts from “printers” for packaging in DVD cases. Then “wholesalers” sell a Master DVD and printed inserts to “retailers.”  “Retailers” make still more copies of the DVDs, which they package with the legitimate-looking inserts and sell out of storefronts.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN10260002
Identity theft is an increasingly insidious and pervasive problem. FBI addresses causes, early detection, and prevention of identity fraud and theft; evolving threat from cyber criminals, insiders, and organized crime groups; impact and role of policy decisions, legislation, and regulatory actions; improvement of identity theft authentification systems to reduce fraud and improper payments, and protect national security; and the role of enabling technologies to protect information, facilitate privacy, and share information.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Security breaches across U.S. compromised thousands of credit and debit cards. Thefts were card numbers and personal identification numbers (PIN) on thousands of individual debit cards. Cyber Division, cautions card holders to protect what criminals want:  information about you and your assets; information that can be bought, bartered, and sold on the Internet in forums to trade bundled stolen card numbers like commodities on an exchange.CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
 “Zombies ” are Internet computers infected with malicious codes known as “bots” (short for “robots”) that secretly connect these PCs to websites or chat rooms where they can be controlled remotely.  It’s a growing problem. Some experts, for example, believe that networks of zombies—also called “botnets”—now send up to three-quarters of all spam. The collective force of botnets is also being used to launch major distributed denial-of-service attacks, knocking websites offline by overwhelming them with visits.CRMComputer Abuse (other or unknown)CLSFCTN10080002
Connecticut Computer Crimes Task Force (CCCTF) arrested two men for using an online social networking site to arrange sexual encounters with underage girls. A lot of kids these days are using social networking sites to meet other kids with similar interests. Parents should educate themselves and their children. Increase in child predators using them to target kids. Parents should become familiar with these sites and explain to their kids how to stay safe on them.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Criminal groups stealing copyrighted music, movies, games, and software from the Internet, processing them, and distributing them through peer-to-peer (P2P) or file-sharing networks. Known as \"warez release groups,\" these syndicates are highly organized: Plants in music, film, and software industries supply the newest/hottest items to the groups. \"Crackers\" strip out the embedded source codes and insert new trademarks. \"Q&A\" test the product to make sure it works. Distributors transmit the items through networks.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN10260002
A citizen in Denmark who discovered that an Internet e-group was being used to exchange child pornography. After we analyzed the material and got a search warrant, we determined that some of the images were from a home in the United States where the father had installed hidden cameras in his daughter\'s bedroom and bathroom. The father, a member of an e-group, was immediately arrested.   CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Virtual Threat, Real Terror: Cyberterrorism in the 21st Century.  The Internet with national infrastructure systems has created a whole new landscape to commit crimes, and a whole new set of tools to commit them, which terrorists and criminals are using.  Using Internet tools to launch cyber-attacks on infrastructure systems in tandem with physical attacks potentially paralyzing a city, a region, even the nation.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN10270001
Swiping copyright-protected digital copies of music, movies, software, and games and distributing them through websites, chat rooms, mass email, FTP, and peer-to-peer networks is intellectual property theft.CRMSoftware PiracyCLSFCTN10260002
The problem is how to keep kids safe when they’re online:  1) blocking and locking up the dangers and 2) teaching kids (and parents) how to be smart about avoiding them.  FBI is working in schools across the country to teach kids smart Internet habits.  FBI experience investigating online pornographers and predators makes its advice especially persuasive to kids who might run into them.CRMCyber-Stalking/Forum AbuseCLSFCTN10150003
Criminals engaged in a profitable spamming venture:  sent hundreds of e-mails world-wide that tricked people into giving out personal information (known as \"phishing.\")  They exchanged information on \"spamming\" (sending mass unsolicited e-mails) and \"carding\" (using stolen credit cards). They hacked and obtained a large online service provider\'s customer user names and passwords, allowing them access to that provider\'s chat rooms where they unleashed several spamming programs, including a particular one known as \"Green Eggs and Spam.\" The company\'s subscribers were flooded with spam messages claiming to be from \"Security\" asking for updated credit card information and linked to a phony \"Billing Center\" webpage. But in fact, the info went to web-based e-mail accounts accessed by the criminals. CRMIdentity TheftCLSFCTN10130002
Sexual exploitation of children via the Internet. FBI created its Innocent Images National Initiative (IINI) with goals: to break up networks of online pedophiles, to stop sexual predators from using the Internet to lure children from their families, and to rescue victims. FBI agents work these cases, some pose as teenagers or pre-teens in chat rooms to identify “travelers” who seek to meet and abuse children. Others focus on dismantling major child exploitation enterprises.CRMChild PornographyCLSFCTN10210001
Criminals hacked into the National Science Foundation’s Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station science research facility and demanded money or else they would sell the Station’s data to another country.  Email threat read: “I’ve hacked into the server of your South Pole Research Station,” it read. “Pay me off, or I will sell the station’s data to another country.” The email contained data found only on South Pole computer systems, demonstrating that it was not a hoax. Also, they threatened that the South Pole network had been widely penetrated, potentially with harmful software that would cause harm if triggered by the hacker.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(No crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding how to remain secure and avoid scams during the holiday season (and specifically the online shopping day Cyber Monday).  The announcement provides basic details regarding the most common scams on this day including fraudulent ads/sales, gift card scams, and phishing attacks.  Tips for avoiding the common scams are provided (such as contacting sellers directly, being wary of overseas sellers, inquiring about warranty and return policies, and using a credit card if the credit card company allows you to dispute charges). Finally, the announcement provides information regarding how to report complaints for people already affected.CRMCLSFCTN0
(10020000, Auction Fraud) A Hungarian woman was sentenced for her participation in an Internet-based vehicle fraud scheme. Beata Edina Wagnerne Abonyi pleaded guilty to committing bank and wire fraud as well as the false use of a passport.  Abonyi and other co-conspirators set up multiple accounts on online marketplaces (such as eBay and AutoTrader.com) and listed nonexistent vehicles for sale.  When potential buyers contacted Abonyi and her co-conspirators, they were instructed to send payment using fake third party sites.  After submitting the payment using the false sites, the defendant transferred the money to overseas accounts and no vehicle was ever provided to the “buyers”.  Abonyi was identified as having scammed more than $350,000 from victims in the process.  Abonyi was sentenced to one year in federal prison and ordered to pay $355,107 in restitution. CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
A man who hacked into computer systems operated by the Jefferson County, Alabama Sheriff’s Office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison.  Jeremy Hammond (aka “Anarchaos”) hacked into multiple computers including the Sheriff’s Office systems and the FBI’s Virtual Academy training system.  No other information regarding the crime is provided.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
An Omaha police officer was sentenced to three years probation and fined $8,000 after utilizing a protected system for personal gain.  Kevin Cave was granted access to the Nebraska Criminal Justice Information System (NCJIS) as part of his job as a police officer.  However, Cave used the system (which contained sensitive information) for his own personal gains by assisting a relative’s car dealership locate cars for repossession.  Cave, receiving approximately $200 per successful lead, received over $16,000 during the two and half years he unlawfully accessed the system.CRMMiscellaneous FraudCLSFCTN10170000
A man who hacked into computer systems operated by the Jefferson County, Alabama Sheriff’s Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Strategic Forecasting Inc. (“Stratfor”), Brooks-Jeffrey Marking Inc., Special Forces Gear, Vanguard Defense Industries, Combined Systems Inc., the Arizona Department of Public Safety, and the Boston Police Patrolmen’s Association was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison.  Jeremy Hammond (aka “Anarchaos”) along with other members of an Anonymous offshoot organization, “AntiSec”, hacked into (among others) Stratfor systems and obtained access to sensitive information for over 860,000 clients.  In addition, Hammond and his associates took credit card information from over 60,000 users, making more than $700,000 in fraudulent purchases.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(No Crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the Ransomware software CryptoLocker.  Malicious email attachments, once opened, download and install the software onto victim machines and begin encrypting files.  The software then displays a message onto the screen indicating that the user must pay a “ransom” of $300 in order to decrypt the files before the specified time is up.  Since the key used for encryption is stored on a remote server by the attackers, there is no way to decrypt the files (and no guarantee that paying will result in the files being decrypted).  The FBI suggests that should this attack occur, files should be restored from a clean backup of the machine.  In addition, tips regarding safe email/browsing habits are provided.CRMCLSFCTN0
(No Crime) This news is an announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the addition of five individuals to their “Cyber’s Most wanted” list.  The individuals (Farhan Arshad, Noor Aziz Uddin, Carlos Perez-Melara, Andrey Nabilevich Taame, and Alexsey Belan) have participated in cyber crimes including the telecommunication international revenue share fraud, computer/account hacking, spyware, and wire fraud.CRMCLSFCTN0
(Account Hacking, 10080007) A detective with the New York Police Department (NYPD) pleaded guilty to computer and account hacking.  Edwin Vargas, assigned to a Bronx precinct, used e-mail and phone hacking services to access accounts belonging to other NYPD officers and employees.  Vargas paid more than $4,000 for the services to access accounts from at least 30 individuals including 43 personal e-mail accounts and a cellular phone.  In addition, Vargas unlawfully accessed the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database in order to look up information for personal reasons (including on other officers).  Vargas faces a prison sentence of up to two years.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
A Romanian man was extradited back to the United States on charges of wire fraud, passport fraud, and money laundering.  Aurel Cojocaru allegedly participated in a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that targeted victims on US Internet marketplaces.  Cojocaru was responsible for creating fraudulent passports in order to open bank accounts in the US.  High-value ads were placed for sale on several marketplaces (such as eBay and Cars.com) and victims were lured into sending payment for nonexistent merchandise.  Once the money was obtained, it was transferred out to international banks.  Cojocaru and his coconspirators allegedly stole more than $3 million over the course of the scheme.  Cojocaru faces a maximum of 20 years imprisonment for each charge against him.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
Matthew James West was sentenced to two years probation, 250 hours of community service, computer monitoring, and ordered to pay $2,445.96 in restitution after being convicted of hacking into the computer systems of a Pittsburgh law firm.  A previous firm employee and her husband devised a hack into firm computing systems with West in retaliation over being fired.  West used login information from the previous employee and installed spyware onto the servers in order to capture passwords.  West then emailed a partner at the firm warning them that the firm’s systems had been compromised and that the information was being used as part of a “routine business check” and could be used against them if needed.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
Rodney Termini of Illinois was sentenced to 13 months in federal prison and ordered to pay $45,955 in restitution after sending threats over the Internet via the Facebook social media site.  Termini utilized someone else’s account on Facebook to post two threats to Con-Way Freight’s page indicating the presence of a bomb at one of Con-Way’s facilities.  These posts were made on the same day as the Boston Marathon bombing.  Several of Con-Way’s facilities were evacuated and searched with the assistance of law enforcement.CRMTerrorist ThreatCLSFCTN10270001
A New Jersey man faces up to five years in federal prison after posting information on a public site in order to intimidate fear.  Yousef Mohamid Al-Khattab (a.k.a. Joseph Cohen), the leader of the “Revolution Muslim” Internet site, posted vides and information containing detailed information regarding the locations of several Jewish organizations and synagogues with the message that they needed to be held responsible (indicating that physical violence was needed).  The Revolution Muslim site encourages Muslims to participate in violent jihad (through support to organizations/people such as  Osama bin Laden, Anwar Al Awlaki, al Qaeda, and the Taliban).CRMTerrorist RecruitingCLSFCTN10270005
An English man, Lauri Love, was charged with multiple counts of hacking into protected computer systems operated by US government agencies.  Between October 2012 and August 2013, Love and his conspirators gained unauthorized access to secure systems operated by the US Department of Energy (DOE), the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the US Sentencing Commission, and the Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory.  Once on the systems, Love was able to access files and data for the agencies (including personnel information) as well as manipulate the websites.  Love faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
An English man, Lauri Love, was indicted with multiple counts of hacking into protected computer systems operated by US government agencies.  Between October 2012 and October 2013, Love and his conspirators gained unauthorized access to secure systems operated by the US Army, US Missile Defense Agency, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and NASA. Love faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine for each of the two charges.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(Illegal Business, 10140000, Hacking, 10080006, Business/Employment Fraud, 10100000) The Manhattan U.S. Attorney announced the seizure of approximately 144,336 Bitcoins from computer systems used by Ross Ulbricht, a 29-year old resident of San Francisco, for the operation of “Silk Road”.  This hidden website operated on the Tor network (to conceal access) and provided users with access to a wide range of illegal substances, services, and items (more than 13,000).  The site was used in more than 10 different countries and utilized Bitcoin for payment (also providing a method of concealing user access/use).  The Bitcoins, with the previously seized 29,655, are worth over $33.6 million at the time of the article.CRMDrug/Narcotic OffensesCLSFCTN10090000
Thomas E. Ray was charged with one count of extortion after using an alias to send an email to the commonwealth of Kentucky threatening to “injure the reputation of the University of Louisville Athletic Association.”  Ray attempted to extort $3.5 million from the association.  He faces two years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.CRMBlackmail/ExtortionCLSFCTN10030000
Fugitive Romanian members of an international organized crime syndicate were charged with running a multi-million dollar fraud scheme that targeted victims on US Internet marketplaces.  The fugitives were responsible for placing ads for high-value goods on several marketplaces (such as eBay and Cars.com) and victims were lured into sending payment for nonexistent merchandise.  Once the money was obtained, it was transferred out to international banks.  The fugitives allegedly stole more than $3 million over the course of the scheme, and wanted posters have been released for their capture.CRMFinancial Institution FraudCLSFCTN0
(No Crime) This news is a public service announcement from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) regarding the 10th anniversary for the National Cyber Security Awareness Month in October.  It expresses the strong interest in cyber security for the FBI as well as provides a list of tips and websites for remaining more secure online.CRMCLSFCTN0
Alyson and Jonathan Cunningham were each sentenced to three years probation, 300 hours of community service, computer monitoring, and ordered to pay $2,445.96 in restitution after being convicted of participating in hacking into the computer systems of a Pittsburgh law firm.  A previous firm employee, Alyson and her husband devised a hack into firm computing systems with Matthew West in retaliation over being fired.  West used login information from Alyson and installed spyware onto the servers in order to capture passwords.  West then emailed a partner at the firm warning them that the firm’s systems had been compromised and that the information was being used as part of a “routine business check” and could be used against them if needed.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
(Hacking, 10080006) A Bulgarian man was extradited to the United States after being charged with stealing credit/debit information as well as hacking into accounting firm networks to steal tax filing information.  Vanyo Minkov utilized various techniques (such as ATM skimming) to steal the credit/debit card data for more than 100,000 accounts and sold them online.  In addition Minkov used previous year’s tax information stolen from accounting firms to file fraudulent tax returns, resulting in about $56 million losses.  Minkov faces multiple charges, with federal prison times between 5 and 30 years and fines between $250,000 and $1 million for each charge.CRMTrafficking in Illegal Goods (selling things that are stolen or counterfeit)CLSFCTN10140002
(Blackmail/Extortion, 10030000) The FBI arrested Jared James Abrahams, a Temecula college student, for computer hacking and extortion.  Abrahams is accused of hacking into the social media and email accounts of as many as 150 women, taking control of their social postings, email, and even their computers.  Once he gained access to incriminating files (such as nude photos), Abrahams allegedly extorted the women into providing more photos or submitting to Skype sessions in which Abrahams directed them what to do.CRMAccount HackingCLSFCTN10080007
Three Texas men were sentenced after being found guilty of participating in the hacking of a corporate network.  Michael Musacchio, Joseph Roy Brown, and John Michael Kelly left Excel Transportation Services in order to start a new rival company called Total Transportation Services.  For almost two years, the three co-conspirators engaged in corporate espionage by hacking into their previous employer’s networks in order to access email accounts and confidential/proprietary information.  The men received sentences ranging from 12 months probation to 63 months in federal prison and restitution may also be ordered.CRMHackingCLSFCTN10080006
